en	and in this I am mor
en	Þis is kynde makyng
en	Let it sethe tyl hal
en	Any of al thes may c
en	This is good for þe y3en.
en	That the Air we brea
en	Sethe all togedyr in
en	AS sutures of one ki
en	And having thus salu
en	The filmes of the br
en	By it passeth all th
en	Tak aloen and stamp
en	Also yf the sekenes
en	Being a discovery of
en	A barge-man fell int
en	Take an Egge, make a
en	Behind the Lungs pas
en	I wyl y=e= telle by
la	For spotes et oþer s
en	BY the term rupture,
en	This is yuel for þey3en.
en	Item centauriam in v
en	De gradibus siccitat
en	Quod caret alterna r
en	et nome~ dm~ inuocabo.
en	Item lacte canis inu
la	et in hora mortis su
en	Explicit de condicio
la	Temperantia est mate
en	de comune sapore coitus
en	de aetate planetarum
en	'Pede super colles p
la	Tertius gradus est q
en	qualiter fiat auditus
en	Ad plagam capitis pr
la	'Deridens alios non
en	Item ob vertiginem c
la	Hoc facto conditum est.
la	electuarium rosarum
en	quo vita nusq~ decidat.
en	Si nucem poterit fra
en	Pro ossibus inpressi
en	De condicionibus pla
la	Secundus gradus est
la	Item rutam et fenicu
en	Carmen ad fluxum san
la	De disciplina scolarium
la	Hæc reuocat vires, f
la	de modo orandi deum
en	Corporis & debes non
la	Postea extrahe et it
en	Ad capud purgandum.
en	Ex his fiat puluis s
en	Item absintheum, rut
en	Daucus asininus
en	laus sit tibi p~ ama
en	Valere dicitur fumus
en	Herba cruriatica
Prediction array: [0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0]