la	forsoþe þat þe signi
en	A treatise on clysters.
en	About 18 months ago
en	This was writen fro
en	Many þings bene prof
en	Being a discovery of
en	Let it sethe tyl hal
la	All þe veynes I haue
en	This suture is accor
en	For swellyng of memb
en	The true causes of t
en	Let ayre be cleare a
en	THe Small Pox are ca
en	I am sad & soleynge
en	THE vulgar sort are
en	Behind the Lungs pas
en	By it passeth all th
en	Drink for ordinary Dyet.
en	Also this medcyne no
en	Beneth, when y=e= le
en	3if y=u= of vomites
en	Explicit tractatus J
en	'vincat opus verbum,
la	qualitas uvulae et o
en	Ad capud purgandum.
en	Explicit de condicio
en	Ungwentum fuscum: Re
en	Postea ungwentum fus
en	Adiuro te, infirmita
en	Postea inpone brocea
la	Cernis vt ignauum co
en	Item seledonia cum m
en	Item si capud videtu
en	Item pro eodem.
la	Tertius gradus est q
la	Accipe panem siligin
en	quo vita nusq~ decidat.
en	Ad plagam capitis pr
la	Item trifolium in aq
en	'Virtutem primam put
la	de modo orandi deum
la	electuarium rosarum
la	qui bene degerit, in
en	Pro le scaldynge vir
la	Hoc facto conditum est.
en	primi libri regalis
la	Cur moritur homo dum
en	Daucus asininus
en	Crocus Metallorum
en	Deinde commedat paci
la	Item ruta trita cum
la	Item ne pili contrar
en	Et menta & granum ju
en	sanguis menstruus
la	In primis pro oculis
en	De gradibus siccitat
la	Pilulæ Angelicæ, Alo
en	Deinde purga pocione.
Prediction array: [1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0]