en	Take an Egge, make a
la	Al bowyd is þe rygge
en	Therefore it behovet
en	To knawe the vaynes
en	For to make a good e
en	Drink half a pint of
en	all Filth, and whate
en	Sethe all togedyr in
en	This indeed is cleer
la	All þe veynes I haue
en	By it passeth all th
en	forgif me if it be w
en	At betonye I wyll be
en	Brother I pray the f
en	and amongst other th
en	And drynk it w=t= wa
en	I could instance man
en	This has always appe
en	A treatise on clysters.
en	The part affected.
en	The Lungs is also di
la	Labilis vt vita est,
en	Explicit Liber Cerebri
en	De condicionibus pla
la	quod qualitas tactab
en	Et tunc tolle de ign
la	Trahit sua quemq~ vo
la	'Quominus nil pacior
en	Ad plagam capitis pr
en	Contra surditatem:
en	Deinde commedat paci
en	laus sit tibi p~ ama
en	Experimentum si taga
en	Item rutam, abrotanu
en	Postea ungwentum fus
la	Deus p~pici~ esto mi
en	Daucus asininus
en	Pro ossibus fractis
en	qualiter fiat auditus
en	'Sicut ad omne quod
en	Dies creticus vel cretica
la	Item pulegium cum ol
en	Item folia vervene c
en	Pro carentibus appetitu.
en	Pone in aquam testam
en	secundum artem.
en	Postea appone albume
en	Hic sutus/ fallax/ i
la	Item plantaginem et
la	Quo dicto et si abse
en	Deinde purga pocione.
en	Item absintheum, rut
la	In noi~e pri~s et fi
en	incendiu~ sodomoru~,
en	noli me tangere.
en	Castor gaudet equis,
en	Item sume recentem a
en	Item centauriam in v
Prediction array: [0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0]