en	decide, in an affair
en	distention.
en	to digest, and
en	more, which Authors
en	a mannys complexion.
en	is
en	the falling
en	superfluous
en	blood that
la	of þe furst
en	the upper and
en	be
en	the fellowship of
en	always
en	I haue nowe tolde
en	This indeed is
en	to use
en	and
en	Y=t= in borwyng I
en	before, and
en	comyn
en	unimpeached
en	and take þereof the
la	swelliþ,
la	þe
en	has always
en	they attribute
en	or
en	is abele
en	not, would do well
en	a sowkyng calfe and
en	or beyng
en	lyuoun
en	your
en	Lobs,
en	of helle
en	in the
en	in this I am more
en	of whom I took about
en	being
en	auansed and
en	forsayde pille, þei
en	of whit wyne, and
en	moyst in his
en	Let it sethe tyl
en	and
en	and do it in his
en	sere frend, for
en	tumor produced
en	his power.
en	borwyng
en	anthepasyn ys sayd
en	Being
en	is so
en	anoynte euery day
en	discern (by the
en	none jwys
la	if þou take
en	be
en	seeth, it
en	very rarely
en	Physicians
en	and
en	a mannys
en	paine,
en	blode,
en	drye
en	man
en	hath hy~ w=t= i~ne,
la	et oþer sekenesse
en	many
en	in
en	spoken before, and
en	is A vayne of
en	and take þereof
en	abundance of
en	&~
en	the
en	of Cloues
en	There being not so
en	plente of blood
en	it is
en	braine are very
en	and do
en	and obliges
en	are ruptured within
en	to eat any thing but
en	I believe,
en	with many
en	neck near his
en	by
en	be examined
en	name bar y=e= mest.
la	of þe
en	upon
en	dominion of the Sun,
en	irksome to them.
en	and keep it for use.
en	of
en	ayleth,
en	the for
en	his
en	hande for
en	but
en	and though nature
en	it
en	hande for the mylte;
en	of their life, are
en	Otherwiles the
en	wol
en	and bren it alto
en	of Garden-Tansy,
en	such
en	or protrusion
en	the collar
en	for
la	þe holy gost; and
en	when þey ben with
en	that
en	and what the
en	mi3t
la	his mouþe
en	remove
en	Stomach, or to eat
en	same
en	a great accident
en	wholesome,
en	this, Experience has
en	claims of the
en	right side,
en	Streets kept
en	the
en	and of
en	Method how to use
en	health, and life,
en	&~ vse þis
en	distroye many
en	are
en	of the claims
en	are under the signes
en	many
en	ago I
en	I
en	best
la	at þe preier
en	cometh forth
en	women
en	not alone
en	shell only with
en	a
en	al
en	be of
en	seed,
en	it
en	long
en	it is the
en	thy body, in myddis
en	under the dominion
en	delusions, and
en	Ri3t dere
en	ther is
en	or to
en	The body
en	trachia arteria do
en	be our
en	doth
en	and parts
en	abok,
en	Let ayre
en	be
en	two quarts
en	to
en	of good Nourishment,
en	be gyn~e Y=t= many
en	i~ne, Betonye sothy~
en	me to
en	the stomack to
en	he may the readier
en	by
en	take þereof the
en	residing
en	a deep wound in his
en	at all to be
en	& soleynge
en	well educated
la	þe mawe of
en	the vaynes to
en	Disease
en	beseged w=t=
la	if þou
en	or descent, is
en	ys made
en	hole in the top of
en	vse
en	bloud, and
en	way of life
en	be contained in the
en	About
en	residing within the
en	sick after meat, use
en	Poor as Rich, to
en	alto powdere,
en	the eares
en	Breast and Heart,
en	ben sangweyne in
en	all togedyr
en	of
en	them of
la	is þe
en	had
en	from the stomack to
en	to me a fewe
en	craftes, other with
en	in the top of it,
la	oþer
en	sothy~ yese
en	of other craftes,
en	of his shirt,
en	euery moneth oones,
en	secret passages
en	bruises; had
en	every well educated
en	me, presents me the
la	þe herbe
en	Fever, the
en	is profyt
en	haue al redy.
en	for me to mention
en	of drye complexioun
en	observations.
en	frende Nero
en	she neadeth nothynge
en	so continuing a
en	first five or six
en	wylt
en	prest Y=t= of gret
en	I haue sayd
en	that dyed of
en	I haue
en	with
en	and
en	should diligently
en	green
en	gret name
en	many vertewys
la	All þe veynes I haue
en	corruption, which
en	&
en	as son
en	seen,
en	and
la	þou take þe mawe of
en	life,
en	handful
en	fond wrety~ in abok,
en	by
en	breke out,
en	The
en	vulgar sort are so
la	as þei
en	ny3e
en	dock at Queen-hythe,
en	keep it
en	This is
en	to
en	the bloud, and
en	a Method how to
la	it acordeþ þe
en	a judgment,
en	takis
en	Also yf
en	seruyse
en	haue al
en	guard therefore
en	of secret passages
en	Who so betonye
en	will
en	and
la	þe seed sal
en	hit were a mesel,
en	grosse humour,
en	be don a way in þe
en	good fortune
en	kynde
en	che is abele
en	be
en	and 3ef þe
en	wyth
en	deep wound
en	the skynne is
en	preier of ye kyng
en	had nothing on
en	and beth vnkonnyng
la	or þe connyng of
en	and
en	in a
en	and grateful
en	don a way
en	I shew the
en	the
en	arteries procure
en	be cleare and light,
en	enabled to take it
en	for to be
en	there that we
en	And
en	There being
en	all be dene.
en	what
en	In
en	Tak
en	the white,
en	I shew the substance
en	for to
en	3yf þer schulde be
en	of the principal
en	flesh to fulfill the
en	of
en	the
en	at Puddle-dock
en	write to me a
en	of
en	first five
en	make
en	or
en	the stomack to the
en	only in
en	and
en	into the
en	the chilosity of the
en	who
en	kepyth ma~nys
en	There was some other
en	Filth, and
la	In þe name of þe
en	influence Nature
en	vertewys hath
en	sick
en	Y=t=
en	may change
en	about 10 Gallons of
en	Aboue
en	not only
en	parts which should
en	both at
en	and alle maner
en	all
en	a sowkyng calfe
en	for to be considered
en	curyng and þo
en	hit
en	do it in his
en	unto the
en	found necessary, not
en	of helyng
en	beyng.
en	name bar
en	the Breast
en	A
en	drinkys, and lyuoun
en	of importance, the
en	rebukes of other
en	that in a
en	of importance,
en	do wrongfully apply,
en	clisteries, if
en	And
en	on the right
en	name bar y=e=
en	strang.
en	it is
en	and drinkys,
en	and light, & free
en	body, in myddis
en	vp, other with any
en	minucion is made,
en	veins and
en	Let
en	the Lungs passeth
en	and so
en	a few drops
en	an
en	it,
en	ys
la	oþer sekenesse to
en	boke.
en	daies will break and
en	or
en	schal be giffen for
en	paine of distention.
en	of
en	the term rupture,
en	substance of
en	be
en	ley to þe
en	it is the power
en	AS sutures of
en	schal be giffen
en	be sick after
en	help pore folk
en	that
en	his
en	obliges
en	tell me (though the
en	it,
en	som
en	frend, for the
en	to doe it, that
en	a
en	hote metys and
en	shell and Saffron
en	be
en	of it, but likewise
en	auansed and lyfted
en	the cavity of the
en	pound, beat
en	gives rise
en	of the eares
en	together, in Embers
en	fulfill the voyd
en	us to averre
en	this subject
en	that wyll lette
en	ys
en	thing, and to
en	large wound,
en	And excuse me sere
en	Tak stronge
en	and way of life of
en	be
en	or another are
en	as son as che purgis
en	Arme;
en	sort are so
la	to þe stomak,
en	six months of
en	are under
en	stoke repleat unto
en	noght
en	suture is
en	one
en	as being of
en	wholesome, all
la	3ef þe seek wyþ
en	near his
en	and so continuing a
en	seyd
en	Let ayre be
en	to
en	Charcole, untill
en	Mace
en	is
la	þe vysage, þer hit
en	wher of
la	þer nature is
en	seed sal
en	remove it, and
en	understand
en	purgis che is abele
en	And mony other lette
en	to fulfill
en	accordingly
en	out,
en	nature be
en	his neck near his
en	and irksome
en	out, anoynte hit, as
en	what plan, it can
en	discovery of
en	yonge & olde.
en	tide, having a deep
en	be perceyued of
en	All þe
en	his shirt, and
en	to be
en	che purge er
en	inveterat, i.e.,
en	the belly.
en	als I hafe
en	bedene
en	prest Y=t=
en	Cancer and
en	Sun, as being of
en	well annointing with
en	to require our
en	hit ys made in this
en	accident of a
en	these people; and by
en	Drink
la	at þe preier of
en	che purgis
en	doctoris
en	and
en	the
en	free from faultes,
en	use.
en	out, as hit were a
en	is of o
en	THE
en	thy body, in
en	wheals
en	especially box
en	how to use
en	the college,
en	Also
en	To
en	which
en	bar
en	a greife
en	thovme
en	and
en	in abok,
en	had
en	3if
en	could
en	the
en	is hot and
en	bowyd
en	eyes, if
en	y seyd by fore
en	the
en	bren it alto
en	the top of
en	Y=t= many vertewys
en	of
en	a
en	it, that every one
en	telle by & by As I
en	that I
en	equity, by
en	the infants that are
la	þe rygge so þat
en	be
la	þe furst
en	power of the
la	or þe
en	kepyth
en	both
en	is hot
en	leches.
en	dry
en	certain
la	is profyt abele þat
la	Nero as it acordeþ
en	mynde whiche seeth,
en	more confirmed by
en	made in this wyse.
en	i~ vayne & al for
en	people; and by
en	way of distention,
en	and hit wol breke
en	to be the
en	naturally costive or
en	you be
en	the dock
en	in
en	their offending
en	out, as
en	these people; and
en	form a judgment, not
en	those that in
en	things, the
en	Method how to
en	of the Breast and
en	mannys complexion.
en	fe all be dene.
en	it, both at sea and
en	shell
en	ben hot and moist in
en	of the college;
en	but the
en	pint of this
en	I could
en	3if y=u= of
en	ys made in this
en	þryes
en	of our own
en	very dangerous;
la	þei swelliþ, and
en	and stockings.
en	Drink half a pint
en	vaynes wyth
en	has taught to
en	grateful to
en	sekenesse to be
en	the
en	ben hot
en	down
la	way in þe face.
en	Sir I desire
en	may be gain'd by a
en	Saffron together, in
en	may
en	grateful to the
en	better qualified to
en	in his kynde
en	be
en	certain Rules, or
en	can
en	Gout is a greife
en	cleare and light,
en	general, and on what
en	doth continue
en	be gain'd by
la	þe same essencion or
en	comyn ana, stampe
en	leuer takis harme.
en	all
en	hit, as hit is
en	ocupacyon in
en	fell
en	the mater was hard &
en	and
la	of þe
en	ruptured within the
en	wel, and 3ef þe seek
en	telle by & by
en	me
en	the consideration
en	partie know that too
en	of this treatise to
la	in þe
la	to þe
la	clisteries, if þe
en	to overload the
en	smell and taste and
en	and not
en	som hafe it lengere
en	hande for the
en	be gain'd
en	not only of the
en	by &
en	is hot and dry
en	fader and
en	as son as che
en	for
en	bedene Yat
en	I dissected a
en	a sowkyng
en	in Embers of
en	of these people; and
en	oones, but when þey
en	body of a man
en	man
en	much comfort,
en	or
en	is
en	let
en	seeth, it is the
en	meat from
en	stomack to the
en	the braine
en	subject seems first
en	the peculiarity
en	naturally
en	Make apowdyr
en	qualified
la	and þo
en	not so
en	a
en	a tumor produced
en	up at
en	then cometh forth
la	feolþe may renne
en	blod wastyth.
en	the Intestines;
en	besides several
en	from
en	sad
en	with the bloud, and
en	at þe preier of ye
en	Charcole, untill the
la	to þe
en	a greater antiquity
en	conseyue
en	appeared to
en	Gallons of
en	those whom good
en	forth with a
en	will bee
en	easy to digest, and
en	moneth
en	sayd as
en	he may the
en	the mater was
en	the grekys
en	and
en	by fore an
en	it will be soon
en	there that we can
en	potabilis and hit ys
en	hy~ w=t=
en	light, &
en	mannys
en	delineating all
en	dyed of a Hydrops,
en	own sex.
en	it wyll
en	humour, i~ vayne &
en	some by
en	fore an syx
en	flegm, the which
en	other lette 3e be.
en	like
en	Fever,
en	Involution
la	rygge so þat ny3e
en	the yolk,
en	drye complexioun
en	Twisting of
en	the
en	the body
en	months ago
en	or Pellicles
en	which heareth,
en	health, and
en	not
en	adding a
en	That clensen
en	Betonye
en	to comfort the
en	ynglond, at
en	continue four or
en	And Care
en	Al bowyd is
en	box
en	for to
en	the Disease
en	take þe
en	any grosse humour,
en	diseases, he may the
en	And vaynes wyth al
en	be much seeing into
en	dissected
en	behoveth all
en	Lye,
la	þe
en	of this Morning
en	þat be of hye
en	sinewes,
en	it, and what to
en	hard & strang.
en	of this
en	me a fewe medecynes
en	y=u=
en	of local study
en	to form a
en	under
en	extraordinary
en	complexion
en	lower,
en	hernia, or descent,
en	It is the
en	with which curacioun
en	vertewys hath hy~
en	fro Mounpileris
en	full of corruption,
en	out of whom
en	was some
en	stampe hem
en	also
en	is the object of
en	like to be under
en	the cavity
en	too
en	of each a
en	y=e= leuer takis
en	of the thing, and to
en	too well
en	diligently be
en	doth much
en	for
en	lyuoun yn mych rest,
en	an affair of so
en	of relegion
la	þe lech mi3t
la	as þei þat be of
en	ayre be cleare
la	write þes names
en	antepasyn when
en	and in this I am
en	vaynes to let blode
en	this,
en	of
en	a greater
en	and to
en	fulnesse unto the
en	and way of
en	so
en	made in
en	and anthepasyn ys
en	Heart,
en	or another
en	having a
en	vnpower to huyre
en	on
en	that I feare it
en	which had
en	mych betture.
en	alto powdere, medell
en	gude
en	excuse me
en	that almost all the
en	indeed is
en	under the
en	such like to be
la	For spotes et oþer
en	wrang, And excuse
en	veins and Arteries,
en	of whom its
en	helyd or cured
en	who is hot and
en	It is
en	ignorance) that
en	that thou write
en	lengere as
en	disease
en	not to overload the
en	of White-wine, or
en	er che conseyue
en	aqua
en	hafe it lengere
en	dyed of
en	yese
en	noght because
en	writen
en	haue
en	and flegm, the which
en	or helyng schal be
en	and to
en	betonye rote,
en	water of seyunte
en	There
en	and therfor
en	The thyrde
en	betonye I wyll be
en	tok Of agret
en	must
en	about 10
en	that
en	giffen for
en	gullet, with
en	top of
en	and so driveth it
en	at all
en	bloud,
en	whom I took
en	yf the
en	malignity,
en	life, are
en	and hit ys
en	we shall be able to
en	seeth, it
en	of hye
en	Y=t= of gret
en	thing
en	and Leo.
en	a
en	names
en	If
en	a
en	some
en	ore
en	of the
en	and be
en	et
en	mony other
en	hir broþer.
en	an affair of so much
en	the
en	Who
en	it is Man wher of
en	I
en	or curyng
en	so much as
en	euery
en	to attend
en	thus much of the
en	Egge, make a hole in
en	safe Medicine
la	þe significacions
en	on hem ony
la	þe maistrie of þe
en	with this
en	judgment, not only
en	the Liver.
en	that
en	of so
la	þe same essencion
la	þe veynes
en	the power of the
en	oones,
en	relegion purge noght
en	being
en	as
en	encrease
en	so
la	þer nature
en	To knawe the vaynes
en	y=e=
en	were
en	falleth
en	gyn~e Y=t= many
en	(by the Urine) the
la	All þe veynes
en	in myddis the
en	to others of our own
en	helyng
en	over
en	mynde his power.
en	and flegm, the
en	been of goldyn
en	continue
en	a hole in the top
en	sekenesse
en	own health,
en	were a
en	of some
en	on
en	which heareth, but
en	took about
en	sonne and þe
en	beth
en	the conception,
en	but when þey
en	meant a
en	the Members, Bones,
en	not
en	the
en	what is of
en	both yonge & olde.
en	are very much
en	the cavity of
en	and
en	of the
en	sere
en	feare
en	procure this paine
en	importance, the
en	was thrown up at
en	any time gives rise
en	comparative
en	(though the sick
en	A
en	much
la	childe ore þat
en	to
en	the
en	we breathe in
en	wrety~ in
en	so
en	every large wound,
en	men,
en	son as
en	mawe of a
en	sal ly in.
en	there passeth also
en	w=t= water clene,
en	che purge
en	cometh
en	are naturally
en	smells,
en	I am more confirmed
en	It
en	is also divided
en	Arteries, and all
en	it will bee
en	þis purgacyoun
en	only
en	the mynde whiche
en	side, and two on
en	mynde whiche
en	in borwyng I be tok
en	that they haue.
en	three on the
en	y=u= of vomites wylt
en	filmes of the braine
en	are
en	sethe
en	of
en	or beyng of
en	being not so
en	anoynte euery
en	the
en	in the cavity of the
en	men blode,
en	be stopped
en	of Sodom.
en	a stroke
en	of the Body of
en	some part or
en	so it is nedeful
en	frute and flours
en	sad & soleynge
en	and lyuoun yn mych
en	huyre
en	vomites
la	if þou take þe mawe
en	when hit is so
en	ayre be cleare and
en	her seruyse her blod
en	at sea and land.
en	be seen, not worth
en	of helle and
en	but yet if
en	nowe
en	of corruption, which
en	considering the
en	and fill the
en	of
en	men that
en	are
en	bote,
en	it
en	borowed
en	is helyd or cured
en	write to
en	norechyd on hem ony
en	And as
en	as che
la	of þe sekenes so
en	situation,
en	He is A vayne
en	the circumstances,
en	whom
en	to
en	attend
en	The body of
en	it will be
en	annointing
en	is of
en	the
en	but when
en	the meat from the
en	and dry
en	but
en	Saffron together,
en	bowen inward with
en	I desire
en	as his own health,
en	the substance of
en	helyth the lepner
en	hafe sens;
en	this subject seems
en	it be wrang, And
en	&~ vse þis medicine
en	of life
en	which
la	of þe fader and þe
en	gedre, and
la	þe
en	Man wher
en	help pore
en	che conseyue to make
en	to remove
en	to mention to you.
en	Alle maner
en	lyuoun yn
en	of
en	with
en	yf
en	minucion
en	Now,
en	to be
en	you.
en	what the partie
en	Sethe all togedyr in
en	some other
la	3ef þe seek
en	thy body,
en	be
en	And 3yf
en	of the
en	with in a
en	don a
en	mych
en	of
en	causes
en	his windpipe,
en	a way in
en	falling
en	hit, as hit
en	Lungs is
en	were aware
en	be perceyued of þe
en	the
en	admission into
en	be
en	by
en	is none jwys
en	the Head to the
en	i.e.,
en	to
en	ago
en	that wyll lette gude
en	with abundance of
en	water, and
en	significacions of
en	greater
en	thus much of
en	sekenes so it
en	or six months of
en	and stamp
en	Al bowyd is þe
la	þat
en	all Things, that may
en	so broken out,
en	complaints
en	Air we
en	not
en	is y seyd by fore an
en	concerning
en	Sope-Suds,
en	plan,
en	at any time gives
en	antepasyn
en	that dyed
en	disease, what
en	can
en	troubled with
en	of amplificacions.
en	Wommen of relegion
en	with trachia arteria
en	Involution of the
en	or
en	an hard
en	it, that
en	be removed;
en	can best be
en	her seruyse her
en	body clene,
en	and calls the
en	is seen to
en	giffen for to
en	grosse
en	and
en	it, and so
la	þer
en	ye kyng
en	watur.
en	to be seen,
en	thes
en	and local
en	much as one
en	mych
en	of this water, and
en	If you
en	yn mych rest,
en	while for
en	fond wrety~
en	and light,
en	vital
en	a
en	mawe of a sowkynge
en	dry especially
en	a
en	in may be wholesome,
en	and flours been
en	of it, take
en	the mynde
en	eat any
en	to be
en	is good for þe
en	that it will
en	is probable that
la	þe place þat þe seed
en	I pray
en	ther
en	wrang, And
la	is þe rygge
la	dayes, þat þe feolþe
en	reason of
la	þat þey be
la	þes
en	hym bere Fro
en	Man wher of is
en	some borowed and
en	mixed
en	a Fever, the which
en	what the Disease
en	first
en	confeccion
en	in an
en	gedre wel,
en	of the
en	hit were a
en	so that I shew the
la	þe stomak, &~
en	drynk
en	of blood
en	and vital spirits
en	of al
en	is y seyd by
en	Also the Gout is a
en	way in þe
en	when þey ben
en	to
en	sperytis
en	now
en	the poores
en	stampe hem
en	about 10 Gallons
en	Drink half a pint of
en	things,
en	of the meat
en	the
en	is
en	Y=t= in
en	on
en	is Man wher
en	best be conducted.
la	þei
en	forth with a great
en	examined for
en	halfe be wastyd.
en	is
en	the power of
en	medecynes that I
en	not only in
en	so broken
en	that I feare
en	comfort
en	power of
en	instance
en	There was
en	the Stomach,
en	be avoided;
en	forgif me
en	them well
la	þei swelliþ,
en	Many
la	til þou be hool.
en	profyt
en	passeth also
en	which,
en	to
en	are all hot and dry
en	and
en	of their ignorance)
en	was hard & strang.
en	to
en	Garden-Tansy, as
en	hot and moyst
en	wol breke
en	were
en	or parts which
en	to remove it,
en	from
en	mentioned
en	For to
en	the Body of
en	with many other such
en	certain
en	very
en	perfection of it,
en	daies
en	and Sulphur, of
en	to the Stomach.
en	arteria
en	gullet,
en	euery day þryes
en	are
en	greife
en	About 18 months
en	within
en	Gyle ys
la	þe maistrie
en	be contained in
en	presents me the
en	by
la	þe name of
en	Tak
en	had nothing
en	angelica, sage, box,
la	to þe stomak, &~
en	of
en	of the Guts.
en	at all to be auansed
en	for the
en	may
en	It
en	ache
en	and grateful to
en	of Clothes,
en	their tendernesse,
en	abele
en	Take
en	first to require our
en	and moyst
en	three on the right
en	a
en	case;
la	of þe
en	herbs
en	Puddle-dock by the
en	wyll
en	with a stroke
en	knowne by the
en	may advance or
en	ony
en	not so much as one
en	day þryes
en	twice
en	thou write to
en	that
en	Filth, and whatever
la	daies þer nature
en	much as one word
en	opinion of
en	before we were aware
en	thus saluted
en	and laboure muche.
en	by & by As I
en	Garden-Tansy,
en	or curyng and
en	this treatise to
en	and
en	be giffen for to be
en	was thrown
en	males.
en	The filmes
en	Saffron; roast the
en	the eares be
en	and when hit is so
en	of
la	þe seed sal ly in.
en	the
en	may be gain'd
en	tell me (though
en	and to
en	Tak
en	schulde
en	against such
en	would do
en	may renne
en	in his neck
en	togedyr in a
en	ys
en	stopped
en	And Care must be
en	hote watur.
en	absurdities that I
en	rupture, hernia, or
en	unphysical reader
en	months of
en	To knawe
en	about a month ago a
en	Disease; and
en	Lungs passeth
en	their
en	hote
en	gret name bar y=e=
en	to gedre, and ley
en	A treatise on
en	sufficeth, so
en	or of
en	and run forth,
en	purgis che
en	vaynes, vse 3e,
en	and fill the shell
en	prepossest
en	and
en	of each a pound,
en	statement of
en	of
en	and comyn ana,
en	some borowed
en	power of the
en	the skynne is bowen
en	Queen-hythe, and
en	change
en	so much as one
en	day þryes or foure
en	the
en	vysage,
en	an admirable head
en	giffen for to be
en	it,
en	to require
en	of Charcole,
en	by demonstrating the
en	þe preier of ye
en	it and do it in
en	make a
en	and
en	al thes may change
en	clerkes
en	nowe tolde
en	an admirable
en	That
en	issues
en	increase
en	half a
en	seen, not worth
en	norysched with hote
en	glandulus flesh
en	may cause noisom
en	of oyle of Cloues
en	also
en	age,
la	þe
en	may
en	land.
en	Embers of
en	means, and calls
en	her blod
en	and
en	in a mannys
en	maistrie
en	and though nature be
en	liues
en	And thus much
en	had an
en	to
en	celidoyne
en	causes productive
en	is þi
en	I
en	change a
en	Persons, as well
en	&~ letuse,
en	of
en	and
en	all these with
en	that are ruptured
en	that every well
en	and the yolk, and
en	circumstances,
en	of White-wine,
en	distention, whereas
en	the white, and
en	Rich, to
en	of the mynde
en	is meant a tumor
en	is the power of the
en	about a month
en	readier
en	Intestines; which, I
en	I haue sayd als I
en	other
en	vayne
en	antiquity of this
en	hot
en	will be
la	þe
en	significaciouns of
la	ore þat þey be
en	complexioun and
en	well Poor
en	from faultes,
en	with abundance
en	forth certain wheals
en	whyte wyne.
en	it, but likewise
en	admission
en	secret
en	sea and
en	Body of Man, exactly
en	comyn ana,
en	the
en	each a
en	I
en	Some vaynes,
en	hot
en	the herbs are all
en	the conception, the
la	as þei þat be
en	an excellent
en	or foure times
en	when y=e= leuer
en	as
en	all hot and dry
en	as being
en	And
en	and
en	Twisting of the
en	or a
en	I feare
en	is cleer enough,
en	are
en	this Morning
en	that may advance or
en	ladyes
en	and of vnpower to
en	Puddle-dock
en	the lepner and
en	At betonye I wyll
en	that thou
en	change a mannys
en	Some vaynes, vse
en	the object
la	þe poudre with þe
en	agret ladyes prest
en	gyn~e Y=t=
en	treatise on
en	sick after
en	And drynk it w=t=
en	sage, box, and such
en	unphysical
en	be
en	infirmiteys
en	alle maner
en	and glandulus flesh
en	gedre, and ley to þe
en	letuse, and stampe
en	Behind the Lungs
en	seyunte Gyle ys
en	we shall be able
en	for þe
en	schal be
en	Lobs, or Pellicles
en	And
en	perceyued of
en	che is abele to
en	be wrang, And
en	independently of
en	And som hafe it
en	to
en	which descending,
en	taken not
en	it.
en	has over many
en	haue nowe tolde
en	thou write
en	it or
la	þe sekenes
la	þe
en	be cleare and
en	and
en	Saturn whereas the
en	lynseed &~
en	pray the for
en	certain time it doth
en	of distention,
en	pryde ther
en	the planet Saturn
en	an
en	parts which
en	frut it
en	adding a few drops
en	that Physicians can
en	essencion
en	sperytis it wyll
en	by
en	body
en	the
en	of medical
en	I wyll
en	he shalle
en	to distroye
en	certain time it
en	his
en	þey ben with childe
en	daies
en	passeth
en	can find, it
en	Small Pox are
en	w=t=
en	perceyued of þe same
en	che purge er che
en	virtues
en	planet
en	aside.
en	the
en	heareth, but yet
en	iugglynge castes
en	of a
en	for ordinary
en	many more, which
en	wyll be gyn~e Y=t=
en	can
la	þe furst boke.
en	wounds and bruises;
en	together, and keep
en	in the fourth
en	of this
en	pane
en	super ignem
la	alios vermes:
en	in posteriori
en	nil pacior
en	lintheo
en	lassum, si te non
en	Item
en	lino
en	est
en	capite
en	caprino pone
en	cola per
en	capite vel in
en	et
en	calida in
en	in coctura ponatur,
en	sit
en	Item seledonia
en	si capud videtur
en	salcis.
en	de mitre .ii., cere
en	in olla
en	ita ter coque
la	tu~c dicitur esse
en	Miserere mei
en	sume
la	trita et capiti
en	sanguis ponatur
en	Pugnis,
en	Pro ossibus
en	+ agios + agios
en	dies evasicuis
en	lokechestre
en	De~ p~pici~
en	exeat a furno,
en	sacrificabo
la	pilis, et nascentur.
en	p~tege.
en	et si
en	modo fit
en	de
en	sic mundatum
en	vertigines at
en	vermes in
en	sanguine'.
en	aer, Infectus
la	frigida et
la	circa collum ligatam
en	ad longitudine
en	aceto et oleo roseo
en	et postea
en	corpus, Sic tua qu
en	igne ut frigeat
la	coctam et calidam
en	eo capud inunge.
en	mane cum sit
en	centauriam in
en	opus
en	dicitur
en	esse
en	quiesse
en	sanguis ponatur in
en	in vase
en	superflues inter
en	roseo mixta
en	plenam calcis vivae
en	libenter
en	me_ra,
en	ignis
en	et ita ter coque
en	ad Aemilianum
en	ad vertiginem:
en	Cerebri
en	per triduum
en	Item ad
en	cauda debet
en	in ollam,
en	renascentur.
en	pone in
en	prodest, Sic
en	vivi &
en	tunde,
en	Aqua facialis
en	gradu.
en	ab occulo famuli tui
en	desiccat
en	fuscum: Resspice
en	et
en	et
en	res illa dicitur
en	Experimentum si
en	triduum ipsam herbam
en	erbam
en	rupta fuerit in
en	anglice
en	in aceto et
en	est
en	facto
en	pacior paciendi
en	fac coronam de
en	&
en	mundatum confice
en	scabiem:
en	fuscum qualibet
en	dolores:
en	fallax/
en	Miserere mei p~pt~
en	terrestrem tere cum
en	mitre .ii., cere
en	Tere agrimoniam et
en	siccate duo
en	curabitur
la	gutturis vel
en	in kaluris
la	qui pre
en	si te non
en	ederam in
en	mensura deperit
en	incurabilis; set si
en	vincit,
en	cognosco me
en	'Sicut ad
en	D~ne ihu~ redemisti
en	Et tunc tolle de
en	per
en	in
en	sanies iruens
en	radicem
en	adde
en	guttas
en	vocem clarificandam
la	et butiro et oleo
en	erbam jovis, que
la	fætore cloacæ.
en	pone in forti
la	jure erbarum et
la	Dialthææ
en	taga sit
en	opus fuerit, da
en	fac unum
en	rutam
la	creticus est dies
en	super aquam
en	lava capud tuum.
la	cola per pannum et
la	Tertia frigida et
en	agrimoniam et
en	et valebit ut
en	ruta
en	me
en	in pixide pone.
en	ut odor intret de
en	croceiq~
en	siliginis
en	detrusit
en	adjungatur lento.
en	mitre .ii.,
en	facialis
en	in
en	Ad deponendum telam
en	exeat a
en	absintheum, rutam
en	liber de
en	& syropis
en	priusquam in
en	esse calida
en	rutam,
la	Capitulum Secundum
en	sit
en	apponatur.
en	de
en	set si taga
en	nervi petrosi
en	capite: Bibe
en	Item rutam et
en	eloquenciam dant.
la	item acerimo aceto
en	capud
en	et ita
en	sit fracta cum
en	est curabilis.
en	lassum, si
en	caret alterna
en	et
en	fuerit, da
en	gutturis
en	circa collum
la	contra huiusmodi
en	sic disstringe venas
en	Item ad vertiginem:
en	rutam et
en	non inderisus
en	Oleum Rhodij
en	scabiem: Super
en	anfert
en	purga
en	que
en	lardi a
en	et
en	Et
en	calida
en	Item ad
en	canis
en	oculis
en	a furno, pone in
en	.i. est
en	ad vitam, fine
en	per diem vel
la	diem vel duos et
en	quot viuunt
en	aliquo vase locato
en	Daucus asininus
en	baptizatus
en	dimitte bullire
en	in
en	nemo
en	priusquam in coctura
en	paciendi me
en	rupta
en	in vino coctam
en	et sic
la	ossa et
en	facto
en	Johannis
en	et non
en	ab infirmitate fine
en	debet poni super
en	dolore: Succum edere
en	Experimentum si taga
la	+ agios + agios +
en	dies evasicuis ab
en	modo
en	nos ab
en	Item
en	carnem
en	juxta plage
en	libenter volo me
en	Liber
en	mixtum
en	nobis debita
en	semini appone cumque
en	caliditatis
en	fuit, sic
en	calidam circum
en	de
en	fuerit,
en	sit in capite et
en	ab omnibus
en	calida
en	Corporis &
la	simul tere et
la	subfumigetur et
en	super aquam & sine
en	siliginis bene
en	panem siliginis
en	lento.
en	testis, p. iij.
en	enim datus
en	In manus
en	tune dimitte bullire
en	mundari
en	remaneas
en	in
en	et indutum lintheo
en	pannum et
la	sanguinem collige in
en	Item folia vervene
en	colorem
en	cum aqua
en	in hora
en	et butiro
en	Si plaga sit in
en	radix plantaginis
en	duos
en	albumen ovi
en	mundificant, vocem
en	vivens coque
en	cum
en	coctum
en	draconis
en	nobis
en	quousque
en	Si
en	ardet tolle
en	radicem feniculi et
en	tolle de igne
en	de
en	DE COMMVNI VINCVLO,
en	sanies iruens in
en	sanguinis.
la	est et humida.
en	et
en	vivi & ignis
en	taga sit sana,
en	odor intret de ipso
la	creticus est
la	siccitatis et
en	gaudet
en	et iterum
en	Grana Angelica, &c.
la	nimio dolore quasi
la	panniculum .i. est
en	unum
la	et sanabit vulnus.
en	in
en	& debes non
en	ab hoste p~tege.
en	prognatus codem,
la	Selidonia cum radice
la	frigida et sicca.
en	in furno hoc
en	'Pede super
en	usque ad terciam
en	frangere vel nodum
en	confortant cerebrum,
la	moritur homo dum
en	moueantur
en	Verbi gratia:
en	oleum inponatur
en	juniperii simul &
en	Pone in aquam
en	Phbigenam stygias
en	Contra dolorem
en	angwillam
en	irascens/
la	locum sine pilis, et
en	vermes in cilijs
en	facias per
en	p~ gra~q~ tua~
en	melle
la	et sanguinem collige
en	+ Christus
en	ranam
la	trifolium simul tere
en	broceam usque ad
en	sanctus + sanctus +
en	PRimus
en	me
en	Et menta
en	cum succo
en	Si nucem poterit
en	durabile non
en	triduum ipsam
en	collige in
en	gratia
en	esto m~ pcco~ri
en	ouorum testis,
en	anfert fetorem
en	Spiritum Sanctum ne
en	illud quod
en	lepram
en	humida.
la	acrem et cum exeat a
la	Pilulæ Angelicæ,
en	passionem
en	Dragancia femina
en	tere cum
en	contra
en	distempera cum
en	super
en	nucem poterit
en	formicarum,
en	loco.
en	tuum.
la	sciunt, sed nemo
en	tu nos
en	'Quominus
en	virge quod
en	poterit mundari,
en	Hoc
en	secretorum, secundum
en	sic mundatum confice
en	tempora
en	in
en	calidum, ut
en	panniculum
en	aqua
en	loco
en	sicque in
en	editus contra
en	et albumine ovi et
en	saniorem aurem
en	sub
la	cum eo capud et
en	capiant vitium
la	et salem et oleum
en	nra~ sicut & nos
en	pixide
en	caveat hiis diebus
en	de
en	feniculi et
en	exeat de vase
en	tu nos ab
en	amittunt:
en	stygias
en	line.
en	mutatur, plebs
en	minuit iactantia
en	In
en	inpone
la	Hinc stygias Ebrius
en	pustulas a
en	dolores: Folia
en	Ex
en	filij & spu~s sancti
en	ollam, oleum
en	in aere sed
en	et
en	de Caritate.
en	et
en	unum plaistrum
en	aquam & sine
en	nra~
la	coque et succum
en	et capiti
en	mitte ea que
la	oleum inponatur et
en	sanus.
en	bene
en	Secretis secretorum,
la	ipso et fac
en	ut frigeat sicque
en	diebus a lardo
en	dicto
en	mentes
en	de eodem
en	Item absintheum,
en	In primis pro
la	dolore quasi mentes
en	betam viridem
en	inunge
en	ligatam
la	cum aqua et
en	fallax/ irascens/
en	hec omnia in
en	corpus,
en	coque
en	dant.
en	illo
en	ignis exeat de
en	ab
en	comune sapore coitus
en	quod
en	modo.
en	Cerebri
en	Item minta trita
en	ponatur in furno
en	et
en	redemisti nos in
en	spu~s sancti
en	a linthe juxta
en	Selidonia cum
en	oris.
en	debes non
en	ignis
en	dies
en	in
en	non illa grauabunt.
la	aceto et ab pane
en	aquam
en	comune
en	dicitur
en	broceam usque
en	ne hic remaneas
en	ihu~ xp~e
en	pili nascantur:
en	illo pane
la	vel duos et item
en	acerino
la	inposita vulnera
la	iii. guttas de urina
en	Trahit
la	Item pulegium coctum
la	inponatur et sic
en	farine
en	& cutem desiccat
la	tui + agios + agios
en	quibus partibus
en	priuilegio a rege
la	sed cauda debet esse
en	nra~ sicut &
en	Pro
en	quarto gradu.
en	illud
en	et nares unge
en	Spiritum
en	ex qualibet fractura
la	in mortario tere et
en	calcis
en	ad
en	centauriam
en	duo
en	sanandum scabiem:
en	sit tibi p~ amara
en	super anteriorem
la	Aemilianum cæcum
en	poterit)
en	cutanei.
en	Mors, Pietas,
en	circum appone.
en	dorso vel spina.
en	passione
en	planetarum
en	et bibe.
en	& artis, Fulmine
en	Cernis
en	de urina
en	tuas
en	palme
en	neque sit, nec
en	ad
en	vna~
en	Angelica, &c.
la	multa sciunt,
en	confice sic
en	In
en	vita nusq~
en	poterit frangere
en	pcco~ri
la	trifolium simul
en	et
en	Item contra
en	studiorum Millia.
en	Diues inaccessos
en	sit
en	p~ gra~q~
la	ignis volans
en	vires,
en	sed cauda
en	appone.
en	Et
en	est remedium
en	super
en	exposites
en	deinde
en	et pone
en	hoc
la	capite et fracta sit
en	indutum
la	repertorem medicinæ
en	ut
la	sindi pro
en	trita molissime
la	capud videtur sindi
en	Deinde
en	tunc res
en	plebs peste fame
en	Uxor, Mors, Pietas,
en	etas
en	dicitur fumus
en	bene biberit
en	vbi pedere
en	unum
en	sanctus + sanctus
en	appone.
la	Ebrius hausit aquas:
en	viridem bene tritam
en	+
la	coque in aqua et cum
en	ardens super
en	multa
en	telam in oculo.
en	De spermate hominis
en	sed nemo
en	Multi multa
en	capud videtur
la	Pilulæ Tartareæ,
en	nimio dolore
en	scolarium
en	juniperii
en	Mors furit, urbs
en	fine ad vitam,
en	aceto,
en	sana,
en	est homo
la	tere et salem et
la	sana, curabilis est.
en	xp~e Ego
en	succo inunge
en	Item
en	tenet horror':
en	et sicca.
en	inde
la	coccliar unum et
en	adveniat
en	p~ennis
en	Ex his fiat
en	De
en	infunde mane
en	exeat
en	Corporis
en	plage quantitatem in
en	Item lacte
en	sale trita ossa
la	stygias Ebrius
en	interficiendum ranam
en	roseo mixta fronte
la	virge quod vocatur
en	et succum eius adde
en	sume,
en	Quarta
en	& nos dimittim~
en	olla
en	inter carnem &
en	aere sed cauda
en	bene
en	ne
en	rupta fuerit
en	nos
en	fluvium
en	sanat.
en	curam,
en	ihu~ redemisti
en	occidendum
en	et
en	cum jejunare
en	inde fac unum
en	albumine ovi et
en	et oleum
en	set si taga sit
en	homo dum salgia
en	absintheum,
en	vbi Solis filia
en	sanctus + Christus
la	canis inunge et
en	Sic sine
en	& syropis potus enim
en	de comune
en	et
en	p~ amara passione
en	sciendum
en	jejuno coccliar unum
la	mortario tere et
en	linguam':
en	inundat Humores
en	carentibus appetitu.
en	et albumine ovi
en	Parentes,
en	et
en	et
en	furno
en	aque.
en	ossa illisa
en	quantitatem in
en	ruta trita cum sale
en	dolorem
en	pulverez mitte sub
en	sulphuri vivi &
en	spu~s sancti ame~.
en	tertio gradu.
la	lingni et admisse
en	his fiat puluis
en	appone loco.
la	Unaquaque die iii.
en	unge pacientis.
en	cum
en	corpus, Sic tua
en	vulneris
en	in
en	per
en	Christus vincit,
la	noi~e pri~s et
en	vereremmus.
en	est qua~do
en	caveat
en	decidat.
en	fuerit in primis:
la	unum et caveat hiis
en	pedes vbi pedere
en	aceto et ab
en	s~ p~miu~ mort~
en	sit rite habitabilis
en	Patrem et
en	Tertius gradus
en	sensibus animalibus
la	tuo .N.
en	capitulum:
en	misse
en	Johannis de
en	eo
en	tua~ Miserere
la	aqua et cum ea lava
en	cum melle trita
en	inposita optime
en	plagam
en	me emendare p~
en	Item ruta trita
en	morbum
en	et
la	'Quominus nil
en	frigida super
en	sacre p~ennis
en	comune sapore
en	extrahunt ex
en	tunc tolle de
en	est
en	est'
en	'Virtutem primam
en	in pixide
en	medicamine,
en	Lucidus & mundus sit
en	Item minta
en	est
en	cilijs oculorum.
en	esse calida
en	mixta
en	oleum
en	te, infirmitas, per
en	fracta sit taga,
en	Item trifolium
en	hec omnia
la	aceto et ita ter
en	p~miu~ mort~
en	Super omniam contra
en	primis pro
en	mort~ sacre
en	curabilis.
en	primi libri regalis
en	dolore
en	Hic sutus/ fallax/
en	lune calida
en	incurabilis;
en	dolore in dorso vel
en	Vt
en	sanctus +
en	diem
en	cum eo capud inunge.
en	artis,
en	infirmus
en	hostia~
en	Postea
en	cum
en	mundo.
en	primi libri
la	Quartus gradus est
en	Hoc
en	poterit frangere vel
la	oui plenam calcis
en	portionem
en	vel
en	aceto et
en	in
en	et
en	feniculi tere
la	coque et
en	frangere
en	plaga sit in capite
la	caliditatis est cum
en	volo me emendare
en	Regnum, Benefactaq;
en	ea que
en	olei libri
en	in
en	et in hora mortis
en	tere cum melle
en	caliditatis/ tunc
en	vt ignauum
en	esto michi pcco~ri
en	subliss.
en	repertorem
en	Capillos
en	pro dolore: Succum
en	extrahe
en	colles pedes
en	collige in vase
la	moueantur aquæ.
la	tere et cum eo capud
en	odoratibus naribus
en	tempora illini.
en	pedes vbi
en	qualitas
en	caret alterna requie
en	de
en	Quid pro quo,
en	ad
en	eo capud
en	aqua coque
en	et si absens sit,
en	Ex his
en	lyngnum abietis
en	quarto
en	coccliar unum
en	et
en	pectus
en	ab
en	Pilulæ
en	tuas d~ne
en	caliditatis/ tune
en	renum curant,
en	in
en	sit in
en	primus liber de
en	fac
en	et
la	dies creticus est
en	in aquam
en	passione~ tua~.
en	et oleo et
en	fronte illiniatur.
en	sic
en	posteriori
en	Hinc stygias
en	et coque simul in
en	aer, Infectus neque
en	de
la	ad narez pone
en	manus tuas
en	telam in
en	fiat
la	est quando habeat
en	et
en	de illo pane
en	de coniunctione
en	qualiter visus
en	trifolium
en	Si nucem
la	vivens coque et
en	capite:
en	rege indulto.
en	Aqua
en	inderisus abibit'
en	interficietur.
en	Aloes Rosata, Pilulæ
en	vel calida.
en	hiis diebus a lardo
en	et nome~ dm~
en	dm~ inuocabo.
en	de
en	Regnum,
en	straminis, tunc est
en	ad narez
en	d~ne co~mendo
en	cerebrum, sensus
en	super ignem in
la	cum sale et
en	Pro
en	fluit in
en	Caritate.
en	ne sanies
en	Si plaga sit
en	quod
en	et cum eo capud
en	in dorso
la	aliquantulum super
en	primam puta
en	sana, curabilis
en	a
en	coctam
en	in aqua
en	cum melle
en	fortissimum
en	tollit.
en	sub intervallo et
la	ignem in aliquo
la	excoriatam, ossa et
en	intermittere
la	huiusmodi passionem
en	fiat puluis subliss.
en	toti corpori
en	peste
en	cum exeat a
en	amara
en	hiis diebus a
en	sed nemo Omnia.
la	et est
en	aceto et oleo
en	Amen Explicit.
en	testa
en	aceto
en	parte
en	die apponatur.
la	pannum et fac unum
la	et butiro et
en	et vinum misse
en	ab
en	aceto
en	&
en	odoratibus
en	mundant.
en	omne quod
en	pulmonica mediana.
la	de illo pane et
en	sed cauda debet
en	In manus tuas d~ne
la	tange et
en	iruens in
en	plantaginem
en	nos in
en	calida
en	humoris inter
la	butiro et oleo
en	biberit
en	Item
en	est
en	ihu~
en	frangunt,
en	et oleo roseo
en	Sanctum ne hic
en	edere
en	vt
en	.ii., de mitre
en	granum juniperii
la	dicitur esse
la	tere cum melle et
en	sutus/ fallax/
en	in
en	co~tine~tia
en	me tenet horror':
en	jus marubii,
en	pilis,
en	vt
en	tunc
en	& natans hoc modo
en	ad
en	lacte
Prediction array: [0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0]