en	the shell
la	place þat þe
en	over
en	and
la	as þei
en	and
en	y=e= mest.
en	box who is hot and
en	Egge,
la	Al bowyd is þe rygge
en	and stamp it
en	comyn ana, stampe
en	is yuel for þey3en.
en	to
en	or those that in a
en	myddis
en	obliges
en	blode
en	advance or add
en	Chymicall doth
en	windpipe,
en	auansed and lyfted
en	stamp
en	is an
en	a month
en	has over many
en	hathe the mynde his
en	He is
en	find, it being the
en	and
en	There was some
en	or
en	AS sutures
en	names in
en	frende Nero
en	stoke repleat
en	face.
en	Nero as
en	subject seems
en	an Involution of the
en	such like to
en	angelica,
en	giffen for to be
en	especially
en	other
en	arteria do make a
en	assistance in
en	so broken
en	any
en	haue
en	the meat from
en	Let it sethe tyl
en	is
en	averre a greater
la	þe forsayde
en	of the braine
en	aware of;
en	disease is
en	lech mi3t haue
en	bruises; had nothing
en	thy
en	relegion purge noght
en	or
en	essencion or beyng
en	doth
en	A vayne
en	stamp it and do it
en	laid entirely
en	Ri3t
en	are
en	be tok Of agret
en	may
en	abele
en	peculiarity of
en	had nothing on but
en	in the
en	and dry
en	attribute
en	so much
en	of some part
en	and Leo.
en	are all hot and dry
en	sharpe
en	pore folk
en	& free
en	Man wher of is þi
en	so much
en	I be
en	borowed and paynted
en	physician, of
en	Y=t= of gret
en	by way of
en	only with Saffron;
en	of
en	And som hafe
en	be
en	by antepasyn
en	of rysyng o
en	all
en	clerkes and doctoris
en	of the disease, from
en	is
en	This
en	of the
en	the
en	Many þings bene
en	the
en	box
en	whiche seeth,
en	fellowship
en	on hym
en	smell
en	pint of this Morning
en	sowkynge
en	the
en	clean;
en	fyer
en	which
en	anoynte euery day
en	makyng
en	pore
en	heart,
en	euery day þryes
en	his kynde
en	make a stoke
en	overload
en	apply, as
en	months of their
en	myddis the Arme;
en	stamp it and
en	of a
en	remove
la	connyng of þe þings
en	hare, or of a
en	aloen
en	or cured be diuerse.
en	and
en	membre of man or
en	or hot
en	being
en	The body of a man
la	or þe connyng
en	of
la	þe holy
en	be giffen for
en	half
en	of the
en	seen, not
en	Vitriol calcin'd,
en	well educated
en	nobill
en	w=t= water
en	cavity of
en	on hem ony
en	for admission into
en	me
en	influence Nature has
en	3e
en	for to be
en	mylte;
en	many
en	the
en	what
en	of local study and
en	two
en	which
en	comfort, keeping the
en	ache seed, lynseed
en	with hote metys and
en	stamp it
en	the fourth
en	Breast and
en	nothing on but the
en	that we
en	before, and there
en	fulnesse unto the
la	þe feolþe may
en	the mynde his
en	vinegre of
en	is cleer
la	to þe confeccion of
en	nothing
en	day
en	instance
en	of
la	þe sekenes so it is
en	auansed
en	lynseed &~
en	purge
en	all the chilosity of
en	preier of ye
la	þe feolþe may renne
en	in the top of
en	much
en	notis and
en	be cleare and
en	situation, and way
en	the Guts.
en	water, and to tell
en	all be
en	and land.
en	Of agret
en	helle and the
en	wound in his
en	thus much
en	to decide,
en	and safe
en	al thes may change a
en	10
en	forgif me if it be
en	Make apowdyr of
en	saucefleme; and hit
en	before we were
en	time gives
en	that
en	dere frende Nero as
en	vomites wylt
en	nervale certayne.
en	oyle of Cloues
en	vse
en	remove it, and what
en	Intestines; which,
en	This indeed is
en	two on the left;
en	of life
en	and so continuing a
en	veynes I haue
en	one kind or another
en	were a mesel, and
en	paines are sharpe
la	þey be
en	cause noisom smells,
en	and ocupacyon
en	Veins, Sinews,
en	a
en	kyng
en	importance,
en	of his
en	be taken not to
en	rysyng o nyght
en	which is
en	ben sangweyne
en	celidoyne
en	in the top
en	the substance
en	affair of so much
en	every
en	arteria do
en	planet Saturn
en	body of a man was
en	veynes I haue nowe
en	Breast
en	I graunt
en	nothynge
en	within three daies
en	has taught to be
en	a man was thrown
en	and irksome
la	and þe sonne
en	Of agret ladyes
en	question under the
en	out of
en	sick after
en	not
en	unphysical reader
en	as hit is y seyd by
en	into that Art:
en	is hot
en	matter
en	months
en	spoken
en	upon
en	abok, Y=t=
en	Take
en	on hem
en	the
en	man was thrown up at
en	an admirable
en	mony
en	For to make
en	purge
la	3ef þe seek
en	do
en	as well Poor as
en	Arteries,
en	togedyr in a
en	for to distroye
en	by a long
en	of some
en	be communicated
en	us to
en	meat from
en	four or
en	this
en	anoynte hit,
en	their
en	the collar of his
la	þe sekenes so
en	also
en	wrongfully apply,
en	is
la	þer nature is
en	of
en	having a deep
en	and
en	an affair of
en	ther is none
en	antiquity
en	white,
en	free from
en	this operation,
en	Sage,
en	in
en	be
en	with
en	man was thrown
en	age, with many other
en	the peculiarity of
en	for plente of blood
en	into the dock
en	in his kynde
en	be much seeing
en	alsone
en	of this
en	yet if
en	Tak
en	to be furnish'd with
en	means, and calls the
en	know that
en	the
en	I dissected
en	mynde
en	rebukes of other
en	of nobill
en	vulgar sort
en	þat che
en	much
en	be much
en	þe þings with which
en	of the
en	and flegm, the
en	hem sylfen and
en	And drynk it w=t=
en	as hit
en	and then
la	of þe
la	þo þing
en	and on what plan,
en	and run forth, and
en	many more, which
en	All þe
en	of one kind or
en	and to tell
en	sperytis
la	in his mouþe and
en	water, and
en	the
en	hafe it
la	þe
en	having a deep wound
en	six months of their
en	Cloues Chymicall
en	is
en	naturally be
en	goldyn colour, and
en	while for me to
en	I believe, the
en	mynde which
en	I am sad
en	Involution
en	For swellyng of
en	examined
en	The
en	of the mynde whiche
en	advance or add to
en	the jurisdiction
la	and þe sonne and þe
en	statement of the
en	and laboure muche.
en	the well annointing
en	excellent and
en	blode, And vaynes
en	the fyer of
en	Many þings
en	þis purgacyoun
en	als
en	lyuoun yn mych
en	jwys
en	of kynde and
en	whereas
en	blode one.
en	wrang, And excuse me
en	absurdities
en	power of the mynde
en	woman.
en	a pint
en	to distroye
en	already)
en	hy~ were.
en	drops of oyle of
en	every large
en	Essay;
en	of relegion purge
en	wol breke
en	in
en	Any of al thes
en	unto the
en	w=t= i~ne,
en	wykked sperytis
en	betonye I wyll
en	make a
en	bee an hard
en	Tak aloen and stamp
en	thing, and to doe
en	observations.
en	on what
en	castes
en	curacioun or
en	hit is
en	of the Sun, as
en	that
en	infants
en	I pray
en	be avoided;
en	doth
en	be auansed and
en	help pore
en	the following
en	and life, is the
en	are so
en	term rupture,
en	with any despitefull
en	can discern (by
en	the fyer
en	this paine
en	Brother
en	nowe
en	ys sayd as wer
en	to be furnish'd
en	of
en	come of secret
la	þe science or
en	sage, box, and
en	the
en	bar
en	influence
en	I haue
en	the
en	fewe medecynes that
en	don a way in þe
en	I
en	up at Puddle-dock
en	to the
en	all the Members,
en	hot and
en	do well to
en	by
en	Care must be taken
en	as hit is y
en	hole in the top
en	way
en	on
en	a way in þe
en	He is A vayne
en	for those
en	and to doe
en	hath hy~ w=t=
en	very much troubled
en	had an
en	as hit
en	washing
la	of þe þings
en	not to
en	it in his
en	disease,
la	þe connyng of þe
en	by way
en	mych betture.
en	resist
en	in a mannys bodye,
en	Isabel of ynglond,
en	helpe hem sylfen
en	the mynde his power.
en	is bowen inward
en	as
la	After ix daies þer
en	or protrusion of
en	confirmed by
en	medecynes
en	to others of our
en	broken
en	and to
en	and comyn
en	as
en	make
en	mentioned there
en	to tell me (though
en	Sir I desire your
la	þat þe seed sal
en	of Sope-Suds, and
en	the consideration
en	left hande for
en	of the
en	distroye
en	wholesome, all
en	falleth
en	At betonye I wyll be
en	from
en	is meant
en	her blod
en	belly.
la	þe
en	preier of
en	procure this paine
en	and lyuoun yn
en	of
en	prove,
la	if þou take
en	of
en	it is the power of
en	because
en	Mounpileris to
en	our
en	the
en	al for nought hathe
en	of
en	an hard matter
en	and Arteries, and
en	for
en	elementz aftre
en	or Mace
en	pryde ther is
en	And if
en	many
en	and take
en	Authors
en	as being of a
en	every large wound,
en	are found
en	It ys made
en	The thyrde water
en	the patients
en	green Vitriol
en	known
en	true causes
en	cavity of the belly.
la	þe
en	thyrde water
en	mynde his power.
en	falling
en	Also
la	þat ny3e rounde it
en	being of a
en	Stomach, or to eat
en	sayd als
en	me, presents me
en	to prove, that every
en	and accornys of
en	sinewes, and
en	how to use
en	helyng
en	some other small
en	eyes, if the
en	and synggyng
en	3e, And mony
en	broken.
en	doth continue
en	our
en	well to attend to
en	stroke and
en	what is
en	che purgis che
en	gyn~e Y=t= many
en	taught
en	Y=t=
en	so
en	and
en	the fourth degree,
en	Gout
en	Isabel of
en	conseyue to
en	Sodom.
en	when
en	This indeed
en	be furnish'd
en	the
en	before,
en	is kynde makyng
en	it is the power
en	and about a
en	auansed and
en	ny3e rounde it is
en	left hande for the
en	only
en	practised, and it
en	Betonye sothy~ yese
en	Saffron together, in
en	notis
en	so much as one word
en	and
en	are
en	it is nedeful
en	lynseed and comyn
en	are ruptured
en	are sharpe and
la	place þat
en	gives rise
en	And
en	and keep it for
la	for þe y3en.
en	Nourishment,
en	are
en	the
en	to be
en	or parts which
en	Creature,
en	also divided into
en	That the Air
en	the chilosity
en	was
en	diligent
en	you be sick
en	at
en	be
en	perfection
en	seen,
en	know that too
en	hafe
en	forth with a
en	with Remedies
en	of betonye rote,
en	Head to the Foot.
en	castes of
en	Head to the
en	of
en	be
en	conducted.
en	is þi pryde ther
en	be
en	3e, And mony other
en	farther knowledge
la	þat þey be
en	is helyd or cured be
en	all
en	in two
en	into
en	makyng of
en	wyll lette gude men
en	of blood that
en	the which
en	of
en	own health, and
en	many other
en	many more,
la	of þe fader
en	There was
en	top of
en	it and do it in
en	many diseases,
en	nature be not
en	this medcyne nowe
en	or bladders full of
en	ys made in this
en	frut
en	am sad & soleynge
en	neck near
en	seyunte
en	3e that wyll lette
en	the
en	averre
en	preier of ye kyng
en	in a galown
en	ana, stampe hem
en	were aware
en	break and run forth,
en	kynde
en	an Involution
en	angelica, sage,
en	borwyng I be tok
en	the for charite
en	adding
en	taken away;
en	power.
en	wheals
en	and ocupacyon in her
en	these with trachia
en	wyl
en	and easy to digest,
en	hem to
en	we breathe in
en	a stroke and
en	issues
en	fill the shell
en	So that
en	Medicine
en	bodye,
en	of is þi
en	Urine)
en	such
en	profitable
en	the for
en	twice as
en	and redy þe
en	hem
en	giffen
en	of
en	hare, or
en	neadeth nothynge
en	telle by &
en	purge er che
en	falleth into sekenes
en	Body
en	with the bloud,
en	of
en	confeccion of
en	commonly
en	filmes of
en	a
en	gain'd by a long
en	his
en	the eyes, if
en	to
en	it be
en	confeccion
en	y=u= of
en	gude men
en	ys made in
en	hote metys and
en	sexe, the parties
en	and vital spirits
en	rise
en	elementz
en	as one word
en	require
en	two on
en	attribute angelica,
en	poudre
en	and of vnpower
en	in
en	Cloues
en	pille,
en	and arteries
en	the well
en	well annointing with
en	safe Medicine
en	seeth, it is the
en	with the bloud, and
la	þe maistrie of þe
en	of membre of
en	by observing
en	and on what
la	þe seek wyþ hote
en	a mannys bodye,
en	or beyng
en	body clene,
en	that they haue.
en	the left hande
en	togedyr in a galown
en	þing with which it
en	this treatise
en	It is
en	out,
en	with
en	parts which should
en	to
en	sick partie
en	it
en	me
en	which is mixed with
en	In
en	helyd or
en	to be the case;
en	within
en	the
en	name of
en	of the belly.
en	is the
en	at sea
en	day þryes or
en	that I feare it will
en	the rhetoricians, or
en	worth
en	cured be diuerse.
la	þe
en	lynseed and
en	that
en	wel, and 3ef þe
en	yet if any
en	some by
en	the
en	light, & free from
en	seek wyþ hote watur.
en	Gout is a
en	for ordinary Dyet.
en	fond
en	tyl halfe be wastyd.
en	which
en	in abok, Y=t= in
en	paines
en	to tell
en	if
en	greater antiquity of
en	three
en	ONE
en	hande for the mylte;
en	it lengere as
en	may
en	it being the
en	kynde and of þe
en	and
en	claims of the
en	though nature be
en	qualified to decide,
en	by considering
en	hit wol breke out,
en	Stomach.
en	able
en	all thy
en	of one
en	Involution of the
en	inveterat, i.e.,
en	nature
en	reason of their
en	but
en	certain time
en	the Twisting of the
en	continuing a
en	of the meat from the
en	the
en	that opinion.
en	at
en	schal be giffen
en	is
en	Method how to use
en	vp, other
en	all
en	clene and redy þe
en	it is
en	a hole in the
en	3if y=u=
en	gyn~e
en	of
en	I dissected a poor
en	good
en	the Urine, saying,
en	sharpe and irksome
en	a
en	any
en	and
en	to overload
en	perchemyn:
en	blood
en	bruises; had
en	her
en	digest, and grateful
en	arteries, and
en	clensen men,
en	of nervale
en	other such
en	what to increase or
en	&~
en	vnkonnyng
en	me the Urine,
en	i.e.,
en	the left;
en	a poor Emaciated
en	removed; our Houses,
en	foure times
en	o
en	For
en	a good smell and
en	thing but what is of
en	anthepasyn ys sayd
en	heart, arteries,
en	sonne and
en	the mynde whiche
en	large
en	shall be able
en	ruptured within
en	y=e=
en	practised, and
la	þey hafe þis
en	taught to be
en	passages and vaults.
en	be contained in the
en	or descent, is meant
en	not to overload
en	make a
en	stoke
en	make a good entret.
en	&
en	with
en	certain wheals or
en	or
en	your
en	situation,
en	those that in a less
la	so þat
la	ley to þe stomak, &~
en	rygge so
en	me to be
la	of þe
en	his kynde
en	very
en	the
en	Sethe all
en	This was
en	swete
en	wounds
la	þes
en	us to averre a
en	seed
en	soon laid entirely
en	thovme is the
en	knawe the vaynes
en	a Hydrops, out of
en	whiche
en	wyne.
en	and do it
en	or to eat any
en	Alle maner swete
en	The filmes of
en	as well
en	both yonge & olde.
en	halfe be wastyd.
en	fyer of helle and
en	to remove it, and
en	hafe it lengere as
en	yf the sekenes
en	3yf þer schulde
en	the power of the
en	Also the
en	may the readier
en	too
en	fourth
en	fro Mounpileris
en	wyrchyng for
en	as che
en	the body being
en	of
en	being
en	seek
en	five
en	same
en	is A vayne of
en	in
en	am sad
en	sal ly in.
en	by reason
en	at þe preier of ye
en	the iiij
en	of
en	all to be
en	for those who are
en	The body of
en	to make clene and
en	driveth it forth
en	than before we
en	ben with childe
en	obliges us to
en	hit wol breke
en	passeth also
en	take
en	about
en	After
en	of Sope-Suds,
en	all
en	what is of good
en	and
en	into the
en	whiche
en	judgment, not
la	þe seed sal ly
en	and
en	mynde whiche seeth,
en	heareth,
en	with which it
en	three on
la	In þe name of þe
en	passeth all the
la	ore þat
en	readier judge of
en	ys
en	syx
en	sayd als I hafe
en	there that we
en	likewise of the
en	gedre wel, and 3ef
en	Heart, which are
en	men,
en	of Charcole,
en	the vaynes to
en	the Foot.
en	of nervale certayne.
en	of the mynde
la	þe
en	therfor men
en	holy gost; and
en	in
en	kind
en	doe it, that every
en	now
en	much as one
en	in his mouþe
en	Also the well
en	forth certain
la	þey
en	a mesel,
en	mynde whiche
en	betonye
en	a mesel, and
la	and redy þe place
en	graunt it is the
en	Now, whatever be
en	And
en	easy to digest, and
en	vertewys hath
en	the mynde
en	In the left
en	vaynes to let blode
en	to eat any thing
en	vnkonnyng to helpe
en	a few drops of
en	the
en	feare it
en	That the Air we
en	eat
la	to þe
en	not
en	fe all be dene.
en	hit
en	sick
en	Wommen of
en	and alle maner
en	is þi pryde
en	or of a
en	to averre a greater
en	of the
en	an Involution of
en	affair of
en	wher
en	it, that
en	A vayne of nobill
en	reader
en	the
en	and fill the shell
en	spoken before,
en	to be
en	that it will be soon
en	sekenes so it
en	before, and
en	&~ vse
en	medcyne
en	to
en	been
la	þat ny3e rounde
en	necessary, not only
en	of
en	daies will
en	substance
en	borwyng I
en	and whatever
en	is Man wher of
en	THE vulgar sort
la	et oþer sekenesse to
en	by reason of
en	hote watur.
en	dere frende Nero
en	caused
en	preier of ye kyng of
en	trachia arteria do
en	shell wax yellow;
en	powdere,
en	in myddis
en	for
en	it, take
en	white, and the
en	Of
en	that
en	seems
en	(though
en	ye kyng
en	parts put
en	its malignity,
en	well already) what
en	the
en	and alsone he
la	if þou take þe mawe
en	rise to
en	and
en	this medcyne
en	before we were aware
en	or add to
en	may
en	rupture,
en	to the
en	both yonge
en	the smell
en	therefore against
en	ix daies
en	together,
la	at þe preier of
en	meant a tumor
la	or þe connyng of
en	the
en	membre of
la	if þe lech mi3t
en	or
en	entirely
en	and
en	is yuel
en	and
en	oyle of Nutmegges,
en	at Puddle-dock
en	discern (by
en	Yat kepyth ma~nys
en	kynde makyng of
en	taste and are of
en	of
en	of
en	lyfted
en	power of
en	or Pellicles
en	of
en	discovery of
en	and to
en	issues of the
en	lynseed &~ letuse,
en	suture
en	of a Hydrops, out
en	the sick
en	or Pellicles viz.
la	write þes names
en	keeping the
en	top of it, take out
en	to helpe hem
en	the which is
en	lynseed
en	certain
en	Arteries, and
en	advance or
en	Essay; where by
en	which curacioun or
en	are very
en	graduation, to
en	doe it, that
en	goldyn colour,
en	foure
en	best be conducted.
en	not, would do
en	five or six
en	is kynde makyng of
en	i~
en	fyer of
en	with many other such
en	Clothes,
en	graduation,
en	out the white, and
en	Also
en	both
en	whom
la	swete þingis, forwhi
en	observing, what at
en	fyer
en	this
en	Lye, in
en	upper
en	the
en	Pox are
en	has
en	flesh to
en	the substance of the
en	or beyng of kynde
en	wrongfully
en	their
en	excuse
en	one kind
en	character, residing
en	Disease,
en	this,
en	all the
en	yuel for
en	helyng schal
en	has always
en	them well together,
en	other things,
en	a comparative
en	way of
en	it is helyd or cured
la	ynglond, at þe
en	that every
en	Take lynseed &~
en	this
en	shirt, and
en	partie know that too
en	wastyth.
en	Sulphur, of each
en	or Strong Ale.
en	Disease is;
en	the Stomach, or to
en	and hit wol breke
la	aftre þe maistrie
en	them
en	take þe mawe of a
en	swellyng of membre
en	to require our
en	is profyt
en	twice
en	by the falling
en	body being replete
en	the
en	not broken.
en	with a stroke
en	Nutmegges, or Mace
en	is meant a tumor
en	of amplificacions.
en	which
en	to let blode
en	always appeared
en	a deep
la	þe seek
en	the
en	of
en	and doctoris aqua
en	drinkys,
en	membre
en	ye kyng of Fraunce,
en	maner
en	in
en	thou write to me
en	knawe the
en	and
en	accornys of okis.
en	this I am more
en	on what plan, it
en	of it,
en	long
en	in the cavity of
la	þe lech
en	be inveterat,
en	Method
en	euery day
en	what is seen
en	Morning
en	propriety of
en	hawe
en	lechys bedene Yat
en	into
en	what
en	judge
la	þe name of þe fader
en	when
en	take it
en	the
en	al for
en	or
en	rygge
en	several
en	concerning
en	long and diligent
en	he may
en	she neadeth
en	and Sulphur,
en	in his kynde and
en	I believe,
la	profyt abele þat
en	operation of
en	importance,
en	so it is
en	Filth, and
en	always
en	at Puddle-dock by
en	of goldyn colour,
en	of kynde and of þe
en	the top of
en	or mitigate its
en	with which
en	it
en	deep wound in
en	and easy to
en	as wer
en	nowe tolde
en	health, and life, is
la	of þe same
en	nature
en	als I hafe
en	by fore
en	if it be wrang,
en	your opinion of this
en	Urine) the Disease,
en	medecynes that I
en	I
en	lechys bedene
en	it, both at sea and
la	In þe name
en	to this
en	it can best
en	the mylte;
en	of importance, the
en	bar y=e= mest.
en	this disease,
en	many infirmiteys
en	to
en	be seen,
en	exercise, those
en	colour, and take
en	Y=t= in borwyng
en	soon laid
en	any infirmitie
en	yellow;
en	of a sowkyng calfe
en	to
en	what at any time
la	redy þe place þat
en	form a
en	and what the
en	by
en	letuse,
en	so
en	Who so betonye
en	If you be sick
en	statement of
en	were a mesel,
en	beth vnkonnyng
en	metasentesyn.
en	as his
en	is the power of
en	grosse humour, i~
en	it, take out
en	and
en	in two quarts of
en	be the case;
en	Also the Gout is a
en	y=e= fe all be
en	encrease so much,
en	forth
en	passeth
en	but when
en	of
en	vnpower to huyre
en	Take þe
en	very
en	to be
en	Man, exactly
en	the
en	arteries,
en	substance
en	this treatise to
en	their tendernesse,
en	to
en	euery moneth
en	and though
en	on the right
en	only in every
en	which commonly
en	deep wound
en	bee
en	communicated
en	and obliges us to
en	may renne
en	the top of it,
en	about a
en	the
en	admission into
en	it
en	he shalle
en	is probable that
en	an
en	good
en	to
en	and laboure
en	treatise
en	in an affair of so
en	be norysched with
en	partie ayleth, and
en	be of drye
en	Some vaynes,
en	on but the
en	at all to be
en	þings bene
en	to distroye many
en	to decide, in
en	Blode is
en	alle maner notis and
la	þei þat be
en	and therfor men that
en	the skynne is
en	day þryes or foure
en	meat,
en	first
la	is nedeful þat
en	the power of
en	as much Sage, and
la	dayes, þat
en	vnkonnyng to
en	shirt,
en	with
en	than before
en	to conceyue.
en	object
en	flegm, the
en	man was thrown up
en	vse þis
en	which curacioun
en	much, that
en	may contribute their
en	much
en	fyer and the fyer
en	as well Poor
en	vse
en	diseases,
en	of
en	the tide,
en	on
en	would do well
en	few drops of oyle
en	beyng
en	box,
en	greater
en	body of a
en	Rich,
en	seruyse her blod
en	vaynes to let
en	a month ago a
en	they
en	Lobs,
en	the
la	it acordeþ þe
en	Morning and
en	of Nutmegges, or
en	This is
en	to resist
en	dispossesse them
en	it, should
en	of
en	this
en	what
en	Contagious
en	if the
en	is the purport of
en	more, which
en	bodies.
en	plente of
en	of their
en	it, that every one
en	hem
en	alone sufficient to
en	And thus
en	be soon laid
en	be norechyd
en	being not
en	Sope-Suds,
en	Quene Isabel of
en	gret name bar y=e=
en	Foot.
en	part or parts which
en	make;
en	a tumor produced
en	is bowen
en	fode,
la	of þe
en	signes Cancer and
en	can find,
en	do
la	And if þou take þe
en	of a man
en	the body
en	all
en	3owre liues fode,
en	furnish'd
en	and
en	not
en	the
en	hote
en	3e that wyll
en	small matters to
en	one may
en	clepid amongyste
en	by &
en	and to doe it, that
en	medicine
en	was hard &
en	in
en	purgis che
en	to be very
en	but what is of
en	to them.
en	to averre a
en	and
en	water
en	and moyst in his
en	keep it for
en	ly
la	as þei þat be of
en	an
en	these people; and
en	The body
en	sea and land.
en	practice,
en	secret passages
en	ther
en	and taste
en	lyuoun yn
en	of membre of man
la	elementz aftre þe
en	the
en	quarts
en	bear it,
en	sutures
en	other
en	it, and
en	liues fode,
en	Nature has over many
en	many
en	had
en	ana, stampe hem to
en	sufficient to
en	the
en	one word concerning
en	prest Y=t=
en	and to doe it,
en	one may understand
en	lower, which
en	three on the
en	of the subordinate,
en	purgis che is abele
en	who is hot and
en	Saffron; roast the
en	It is
en	and
en	lech
en	keeping the grieued
en	it, but
en	which commonly doth
en	som
en	Cancer and
en	haue nowe tolde
en	yolk, and
en	wol breke out,
en	and it
en	in a less
la	þe maistrie of
en	box, and such like
en	run
en	less degree may
en	and what to
en	mention to
en	body
en	and diligent
en	rebukes
en	of their ignorance)
en	A barge-man fell
en	so much importance,
en	by fore an syx
la	3ef þe seek wyþ hote
en	this subject
en	it,
en	nowe tolde That
en	out, as hit were
en	vse þis medicine
en	into the dock at
en	half a pint of
en	calls the
en	Child which had
en	sekenes
en	rysyng o
en	Art:
en	clensen men, both
en	purgacyoun
la	so þat ny3e rounde
en	the planet Saturn
en	of gret name
en	tyl
en	into that Art: and
en	Sun,
en	the
en	super anteriorem
en	Fumus terre
en	igne ut frigeat
en	vena cephalica
en	ponatur
en	bene
en	tibi videatur.
en	et cum ea
en	jus,
en	usque ad
en	appone loco.
en	medicamine,
en	sic
en	taga sit fracta
en	& natans
en	alio loco
en	circa
en	Hinc stygias
la	fracta sit taga, est
en	bene tritam et
la	coque et tempora
en	Solis filia Lucos,
en	inominata
en	appensa dolorem
en	pcco~ri
en	&
en	passione gutturis
en	sanctus +
en	cum nuce:
en	Cerebri
en	cum
en	p. j.
en	purgandum et
la	feniculi tere et
en	ardebit super
en	kaluris sub
en	modo incipit de
en	siccitatis
la	quando habeat vnam
en	feniculi et
en	parte
en	Inque
en	calida in
en	sub intervallo et
en	ex ouorum testis, p.
la	gradus est qua~do
en	dolores: Folia
en	Et menta
en	et
en	super
en	esse
la	rutam et feniculum
en	Benefactaq;
en	mei p~pt~ amara~
la	Labilis vt vita est,
en	edere mixtum cum
la	abrotanum bibat et
en	dolore: Succum edere
en	corpus, Sic tua
en	suas putredinem
en	vena concava.
la	aceto et ita
la	ullo medicamine, vel
en	nos ab hoste
en	infirmitas,
en	cum eo
en	vel duos
en	noi~e pri~s
en	Aloes
en	capud
en	curant, avalitum
en	vbi
en	appensa
en	plage
en	fiet lassum, si te
en	Item ad
la	a lardo et
en	exposites
en	Vt ignis exeat de
en	Sequitur de
en	ad terciam diem.
en	timpora line.
la	vulneris tange et
en	Nati,
en	in
en	et capita
en	non intermittere
en	diem.
en	propria super capud
en	quod
en	in alio
en	esse
en	pro oculis
en	septem.
en	in
en	infirmitate fine ad
en	vase locato
en	Item ad
en	nascantur: Ova
en	absintheum, rutam et
en	nos ab hoste p~tege.
en	dimitte
en	amittunt:
en	Accipe
la	Temperantia est
en	potuque modus
en	vertiginem
en	confice sic in
en	in juncturas suas
la	gradus est quando
en	pone
en	Pugnis, quot viuunt
en	& spu~s sancti
en	redemisti nos in
en	crescit in
la	simul tere et
en	& ignis exibit.
en	vermes in cilijs
en	dicitur
en	salgiam, ederam
en	Tere
en	extrahunt ex
en	favum
en	Cernis
en	sicud
en	p~pici~ esto michi
en	quantum de
en	Vt
en	.vi., quod
en	coque in
en	aceto ad narez
la	Gratia dei maior
en	quod vocatur
en	Item ob vertiginem
en	duas
en	volo me emendare
en	inderisus
en	non est.
en	vulneris
en	meus, adiutor
en	ouorum testis,
en	jejunare facias
en	et oleum et
en	remaneas
en	In primis pro
la	coccliar unum et
en	.i.
en	gratia
en	Et modo incipit de
en	in aqua
la	eodem et capiti
en	planetarum.
en	Prima
la	pane et nichil
en	et iterum
en	vel
la	misse et
en	a furno, pone
en	moritur homo
en	tertio gradu.
en	Salus populi
en	et
en	aquam
en	et
en	venenum valent,
en	ossibus
en	uvulae
en	Accipe
en	hiatu ossis,
en	urina propria super
en	remaneas + Absterge,
en	deinde mundum
en	posteriori parte
en	paciendi me tenet
en	frangunt, colorem
en	& syropis
en	dolorem
en	qualitas cordis
en	mort~
en	incurabilis;
en	d~ne co~mendo
en	Deinde commedat
en	dolorem tollit.
en	Si nucem poterit
en	lacte caprino
la	ossa et
en	plantaginis collo
en	sua
en	occulo famuli
la	infirmum est
en	p~pici~
en	Lucos, &c.
la	in primo gradu.
en	ipso
en	Si plaga
en	acerimo
en	optime sanat.
en	te, infirmitas, per
la	vita est,
en	quousque coctum
en	debet
en	tune
la	agios + agios +
en	inaccessos
en	nares unge
en	tolle
en	semini appone cumque
en	rege indulto.
en	et fac
en	pili nuncquam
en	plaistrum cum lino
en	unum
en	& nos
en	bene fermentatum
en	super aquam & sine
la	vulneri et cum
en	caliditatis/
en	et ederam terrestrem
en	'Virtutem
la	aceto et cum bene
la	oui plenam calcis
en	sic
en	Sanguis
en	surditas.
en	sicca
en	instet gloria.
en	admisse favum
en	et bibe.
en	i.
en	Item abrotanum bibat
en	vbi pedere nolles.'
en	consolatio
en	tractatus Johannes
en	Humores
en	pacientis.
en	potus enim
la	gradus est quando
en	melle trita
en	lassum, si te
en	si te
la	alios vermes:
en	nil
en	capud
en	tritam et
en	Et menta &
en	super colles
en	aceto et
en	conditum
la	homo sanus.
en	asspergatur,
en	tui .N.
en	salgiam,
en	et
en	fabarum, anglice
en	et nome~
en	+ agios
en	circa collum
en	marubii, jus
en	aere sed cauda
en	in dorso vel
la	gradus est
en	centauriam in
en	Pone in aquam testam
en	octo caliditatis/
en	modo fit
en	eo capud inunge.
la	excoriatam, ossa et
en	trecentesimo
en	et tempera unge.
en	non
en	si
en	et indutum lintheo
en	Cu~
la	cloacæ.
en	.ii., cere .ii.,
en	vitium ni moueantur
en	cola per pannum
en	taga, est
la	frigiditatis et
en	vel ad
en	sed cauda
la	playstrum et appone
la	extrahe et iterum
en	forti aceto
en	capud
en	quod
la	videtur sindi pro
en	et
la	siccitatis et
en	res
en	Oleum Siriacum
en	volans in aere
en	Quod
en	aquam testam oui
en	sit taga, est
en	roseo
en	in saniorem aurem
en	Johannis de
la	electuarium rosarum
en	Bibe betoniam
en	non
en	dicitur fumus terrae
en	inter
la	inponatur et sic
en	dolorem aurium.
en	et
en	qualiter fiat
en	qualitas
en	qua~do habeat
en	et
en	anteriorem
en	corpus,
en	purgat Juniperus
en	dorso vel
en	esse calida
en	In
en	et fracta sit taga,
en	verbum, minuit
la	frigiditatis et
en	anelitus gingivas
en	anfert
en	et infirmus per
en	fiat auditus
en	vel alios
en	olei
en	cum melle
en	Item
en	in aliquo
en	sapiencia
en	sancti ame~.
en	ovi et
la	vertiginem capitis
la	sale et melle mixta
en	vinum
en	fractura ac
en	Rosata, Pilulæ
en	Sanguis draconis
en	appone
en	filia Lucos, &c.
en	egerit, est
en	suscipe.
en	baptizatus fuit,
la	feniculum coque in
en	Pro le scaldynge
en	aceto et oleo
en	est.
en	et fracta sit
en	non illa grauabunt.
en	primi libri regalis
en	contrarii nascantur:
en	curant, contra
en	De
en	ignis exeat
en	capite:
en	predictis
en	nuncquam
en	super
en	contra
en	Item
en	eloquenciam
en	fuerit, ceram
en	Aemilianum
en	Verbi gratia:
en	et
en	bonum
la	qualitas tactabilis
en	Item lacte
en	aceto,
en	super capud pone.
en	collige in vase
en	tua~
la	et est
en	succus/
en	vnam
en	plebs
en	id est sanguis
en	Vt capiant
en	juxta
en	intervallo
en	quod priusquam
en	et
en	pone in aceto et ita
en	cum
la	sicut ignis volans
en	mixta sanat.
en	urina propria
en	per
en	incipit
en	et
en	prout
en	modo
en	et oleo et
en	super
en	biberit de
la	Secunda calida
en	oleo coque
en	carentibus
en	illa dicitur
en	et
en	partibus
en	et
en	roseo mixta
en	tere
en	vel Johannis
la	surdi et valebit ut
en	et
en	olla
la	contra huiusmodi
en	in aceto ad
en	gradu.
en	Parisiensis
la	canis inunge et non
en	Deus
en	ad fluxum sanguinis:
en	et libenter
en	sensibus
la	qui pre
en	abietis
la	omne quod est
en	Absterge, Domine,
en	equis,
en	centauriam in vino
en	straminis, tunc est
en	vel Johannis de
en	mater sanitatis.
en	mundus sit
en	anteriorem partem
en	primam puta
en	succo
en	dies creticus
la	unum et caveat hiis
en	'Pede
en	dum salgia crescit
en	in oculo.
en	esse calida
en	et pili
en	otia corpus,
en	fracta sit taga,
en	noi~e
en	Alsa pulmonica
en	a furno, pone in
en	et si
en	et
la	etas lune calida est
la	paciens de illo pane
en	esto
en	oleo
en	fiat
en	vivens
en	sit sana,
en	verbum,
en	optime
en	collum ligatam
la	in mortario tere et
en	abibit'
en	plenam calcis vivae
en	et filij & spu~s
en	cum succo
la	dicitur esse calida
en	operitur,
en	et pone super
en	fluxum
en	piperis,
en	Ad idem.
en	si capud videtur
la	Filium et Spiritum
la	cum sale et
en	odor
la	quantum de jure
en	locum vulneris
en	quiesse
en	in mortario tere
en	caret alterna requie
en	Nati, Valetudo,
en	capitis
en	sale
en	oleum et
en	Ebrius
en	vincit, Christus
en	'vincat opus
en	seledonia
en	sulphuri
en	nos
la	famuli tui + agios
en	dimittim~ debitorib~
en	linthe juxta plage
en	humoris
en	cum
en	et postea cola per
en	lapidem frangunt,
la	in furno et iterum
en	et calidum
en	[\f. 19rb\] fluvium
en	.i. est absque ullo
en	a linthe juxta plage
en	sed
en	Selidonia
en	veteri inposita
en	.ii.,
la	Secundus gradus est
en	aceto et oleo roseo
en	passione
en	tu nos
en	super
la	oleo et aceto et
en	lacrimam edere i.
en	19rb\] fluvium
en	centum
en	Et cum opus
en	de
en	bene
la	creticus est
en	plebs peste
en	habitabilis
en	quattuor
en	te non
en	succum eius adde
en	ad vertigines at
en	betoniam et
en	hec
en	testis,
en	dubio
en	caveat hiis
en	qualiter
en	fetorem
en	super asspergatur,
la	cum oleo et aceto
la	Aemilianum cæcum
en	a
en	olla ad
en	in
en	pili contrarii
en	enim datus scabiem
la	bibat et
en	albumine ovi et
en	infirmi infunde mane
en	et cum ardet tolle
la	tere et cum
en	DE COMMVNI VINCVLO,
en	debet
en	Spiritum
en	Astutus/ gracilis/
en	tune
en	super aquam & natans
en	profundam et
en	cum jejunare
la	adde predictis et
en	sed nemo
en	sicque in
en	laudis.
en	ipsam herbam circa
la	ignis volans in aere
en	coronam de eodem
en	da jejuno coccliar
en	fine ad vitam, fine
en	virge quod
la	tui + agios +
en	valebit
en	quasi mentes
en	abrotanum, salgiam,
en	plaistrum cum
en	fumus
en	sanctus +
en	cum sale
en	aquam &
en	de condicionibus
en	radicem feniculi et
la	et feniculum coque
en	intret
en	syropis potus
en	coloris.
en	habeat
en	&
en	unum et
en	surdi et
en	stomaco
la	vel duos et item
en	ossis, ne
la	aliquantulum
en	planetarum in embryo
en	me emendare
en	aquam & natans hoc
en	Ex his fiat puluis
la	passionem humoris
en	famuli
en	est
en	Lucidus & mundus
en	in sanguine tuo.
en	condicionibus
en	furno hoc modo.
en	habeat vnam partem
en	iii.
en	lino
en	Rosata,
en	dolorem
en	Ungwentum.
en	in
la	capite et
en	frigiditatis
en	in
en	corpori praestetur
en	vel nodum straminis,
en	corpori
en	feniculum
en	de Burdegalia
en	fracta
en	etas
en	s~ p~miu~ mort~
en	sit
la	pilis, et
en	gradus
en	Item
en	enim
en	et nome~ dm~
en	portionem
en	est labile
en	viridem bene tritam
en	vertigines
en	gradus
en	et cum exeat a
en	cum sit
la	qui bene
en	pili nascantur:
en	ad
en	et
la	oleo coque et cum
en	cumque
en	cum eo
en	olei libri .vi.,
en	barba vel Johannis
en	Dimitte nobis debita
la	dicto et si absens
en	putredinem
en	quibus
en	exeat
en	parte lingni et
en	qualitas
en	scabiem pustulas a
en	et
en	ederam
en	triduum
en	hora mortis
en	famuli
en	probatum
en	Christus
en	Incipit
en	erbam jovis,
en	lepram
en	oleo
en	volo
en	Postea
en	trita
en	item
en	s~ p~miu~
la	acerimo aceto
en	terciam diem.
en	Experimentum
en	playstrum
en	feniculi,
en	nuce:
en	unge.
en	vulneris tange
en	aliqua res
la	pri~s et
en	hec omnia
en	adiutor sis famulo
en	tere
en	frangere vel
la	inaccessos vbi Solis
en	sanctus + sanctus
en	opus verbum,
en	capiant vitium ni
en	ab omnibus
en	frigiditatis
en	juniperi vel
en	opus fuerit,
en	+ sanctus +
en	in orto?
en	menta
en	in mortario
en	Mors furit, urbs
en	qualiter visus
en	in aceto ad narez
en	ardens
en	ceterorum pulverez
en	oleo et
la	pannum et fac
en	rutam, erbam
en	modus
en	capitis
en	famuli tui
en	pone in
la	qui bene degerit,
en	taga,
en	ter coque in furno
la	sanant et capita
en	plage quantitatem in
en	in forti aceto et
en	cum
en	aer, Infectus neque
en	+ Absterge,
la	canis inunge et
en	vase mundo.
en	vocatur
en	Ad
en	desiccat
en	esse calida in
en	et tempera
en	quod est'
en	plenam calcis
en	oleum
en	apegalle.
la	fætore cloacæ.
en	line.
la	vulnera sanant et
en	debet poni super
en	die iii.
en	calida
en	tibi sacrificabo
en	et ab
en	fac
en	lingni
en	ad
en	incipit de
en	degerit, ingerit,
en	.vi., de mastic
en	bibat
en	lutum
en	sic mundatum confice
en	sicut ignis
en	sicud strinxsisti
en	tibi
en	ad terciam
en	paciendi me
en	visum donant,
en	oculis
la	Pilulæ Tartareæ,
en	aliqua
en	vertiginem:
en	et priuilegio a
en	mort~ sacre
la	cæcum consolatio
en	sit
en	grauiter
en	vita nusq~
en	die apponatur.
en	dicitur
en	a
en	sanctus
en	trita et
en	esse
en	facto de
en	adjungatur
la	medicinæ talis &
la	De etate lune quando
en	uricrisiarum,
en	a linthe juxta
en	que
en	quod
en	.ii.,
en	calida in
la	inaccessos vbi
en	.ii., de mitre .ii.,
en	Deinde
en	inunge
en	aceto
en	ab hoste
en	De disciplina
en	secundum artem.
en	Item radix
en	omnes capitis
en	Solis filia
en	donant, pectus
en	cressent
en	ipso hiatu
en	super
en	renum
en	dolore in
en	fortissimum
en	nos in
en	et cum bene
en	rapitur, Seuit
en	+ sanctus + Christus
en	repertorem
en	et tune dimitte
en	cum bene biberit
en	sic disstringe venas
en	& sine dubio ardebit
en	tunc res illa
en	meu~.
en	Cernis vt ignauum
en	Anno domini
en	sale trita
en	die
la	+ agios + agios +
la	intervallo et tune
en	contra
en	sume,
en	in
en	Dies creticus
la	coque et
en	pulmonica mediana.
en	coquatur.
en	et fac unum
en	et
en	item acerimo
en	coque
en	& syropis potus enim
en	oris.
en	iruens in juncturas
en	absque
la	calida est
en	sciendum
en	'Pede super
en	'Sicut ad omne quod
en	inde fac
en	capud
en	nos
en	et cum
en	inpressis
en	palme
en	peste fame
en	terrae in kaluris
en	exposites iuvat
en	esto m~
en	.ii., olei libri
en	sit,
en	qua~do habeat vnam
en	est.
en	Solis
en	piperis, farine
la	sindi pro
en	et
en	fermentatum et
en	ad vitam,
en	vase
la	condiendo simul et
en	hostia~ laudis.
en	me
en	raucas reprimendas
en	Item
en	cerebrum,
la	pannum et fac unum
en	mitte ea
en	super
en	est
la	In noi~e pri~s et
en	Pro dolore in dorso
en	aquam & natans
la	'Quominus nil pacior
en	mane
en	postea
la	per diem vel duos et
en	simul in olla
en	et cum ea lava capud
en	illisa
en	sed
en	absens sit,
en	Anno
en	requie durabile
en	ne
en	pone.
en	testam oui
en	propria super
en	vitium ni
en	& ignis
la	oleum et vinum misse
en	de
en	venenum
en	'Domine Deus
en	purga
en	tu~c
en	albumen
en	est
en	minta trita
en	communibus in
la	cum lino et
en	ipso et
en	capitis
en	vulnerato
en	deperit omne
en	mei p~pt~
en	ut
en	detrusit ad
en	nichil bibat nisi
en	Cerebri
en	puluis
en	omne
en	cum
la	qui pre nimio
en	appone cumque
en	Pro
en	vincit,
en	appone albumen
en	et capiti
en	et caveat hiis
en	sic
la	tere et salem et
en	plenas sanguine'.
en	Uxor, Mors,
la	iii. guttas de urina
en	curam, Inque
en	tere
en	ardebit super aquam
en	roseo mixta fronte
en	et si testa rupta
la	quando habeat
en	coque simul
la	caliditatis est
en	Item
en	et
en	amittunt: Selidonia
en	croceiq~
en	Ad faciendum bonum
en	Pro ossibus
en	illa
Prediction array: [0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0]