en	helyth the
en	makyng of
en	months of their
en	For swellyng of
en	this paine,
en	and
en	consideration
en	the tide, having
en	of the Body of
en	but
en	sinewes,
en	several other
en	power of the
en	it sethe tyl halfe
en	spoken before, and
en	diligent
en	Blode
en	can find, it
en	barge-man fell into
en	charite that thou
en	paine,
en	frute and
en	our exercise, those
en	that
en	averre a
en	and
en	hot and dry
en	of is þi pryde
en	that we can find, it
en	to be seen,
en	had nothing on but
en	right side, and two
en	Small
la	þe fader and þe
en	Yat kepyth
en	this paine, which
en	greife in
en	Intestines;
en	be our
en	near his windpipe,
en	being the natural
en	in
en	the jurisdiction of
en	may cause
en	Arteries, and
en	it doth encrease so
en	all
en	fortune
en	is
en	sens;
en	would
en	or five daies
en	having thus saluted
en	myddis the
en	giffen for to be
en	from the stomack to
en	any
en	a pint of this
en	which
en	in
en	water, and to tell
en	meat, use
en	delineating all the
en	from the Head
en	enabled
en	bodye, and hit
en	kynde for plente of
en	signes
en	nedeful
en	this medcyne
en	on what plan, it can
en	is a greife in some
la	as þei
en	y=u=
en	che
en	body clene,
en	filmes
en	This is good for
en	his
en	windpipe, besides
en	makyng
en	alle maner notis and
en	the
en	abundance of
en	of White-wine,
en	is
en	men
en	a tumor produced by
en	hit were
en	that I shew the
en	in may be wholesome,
en	place
en	eat any thing
en	we
en	pound, beat them
en	of
en	hem to gedre wel,
en	circumstances,
en	þe poudre with
en	Sulphur, of each
en	and write
en	goldyn colour,
en	had nothing
en	humors, the upper
en	For to make
en	Lye, in the
en	me to be the case;
en	be wholesome,
en	or to eat any
en	3e
la	þe vysage, þer hit
en	is Man
en	cavity of
en	About 18 months ago
en	the vaynes
en	broken out, anoynte
en	ladyes prest
en	communicated
en	the
en	of
en	broken.
en	in
en	in
en	3yf þer schulde be
en	mesel, and
en	to overload
en	and to render
en	what is
en	jurisdiction of
en	Lungs
en	your opinion
en	kynde and of þe
en	not to overload the
en	Rules,
en	schal
en	is helyd or
en	found necessary,
en	his
en	we can find,
en	of
en	And if
en	and obliges us
en	a hole in the
en	of
en	Tak aloen and stamp
en	the cavity of the
en	Lobs, or
en	I
en	gedre,
en	five Lobs,
en	remove
en	or
en	which are
en	of the subordinate,
en	sufficient to
en	of importance,
en	wyrchyng for to be
en	of betonye rote,
en	eares
en	much
en	or cured
en	as
en	I
en	to
en	moist in
en	Guts.
en	for the mylte;
en	let
en	the Members,
en	in almost
en	of known
en	This
la	þingis, forwhi þei
en	w=t= any
la	þe
en	it is Man
en	of
en	of ye kyng
en	am sad &
en	and lyfted vp,
en	Who
en	of corruption,
en	ma~nys
en	drynk
en	mynde his
en	Hydrops,
la	take þe mawe of
en	advance
en	aloen and stamp it
en	with in a mannys
la	of þe
en	Some vaynes, vse 3e,
en	of this subject
en	fulnesse unto
en	al thes may change
en	I am more confirmed
en	whom its spoken
en	Egge, make a hole
en	of
en	of helyng or curyng
en	wher
en	taught
en	use.
en	Disease is;
en	fore an syx
en	rupture,
en	will be soon
en	her seruyse her blod
en	Twisting of
en	ago a Child
en	to be
en	wyll be
en	sowkynge hare, or
en	ben with childe ore
en	be norysched
en	Y=t=
en	and arteries
en	considered
en	be tok Of
en	clene, Who
en	mawe of
en	bowen inward with a
en	can discern
en	or
en	our
en	to others of our
en	with the
en	At betonye I wyll
en	by reason
en	made upon it,
en	abok, Y=t= in
en	may
en	avoided;
en	Persons, as
en	times
en	the shell only with
en	or foure
en	can discern (by the
la	mouþe
en	paynted colours
en	herbe celidoyne
en	run
en	frut
en	& beseged
en	same
en	curyng and
en	a pint
en	be
en	complexion ben hot
la	Al bowyd is þe rygge
en	rise
en	Poor as Rich,
en	and way of life of
en	can discern (by
en	and many drie.
en	none jwys
en	hit, as
en	when
en	3owre
en	or of a
en	yese lechys bedene
en	betonye on hym
en	essencion or beyng.
en	I desire
en	3if
la	vysage, þer
en	Aboue
en	fulfill the
en	contribute
en	be seen, not worth
en	to tell me (though
en	fyer and the fyer
en	nature
la	childe ore þat þey
en	a long
en	demonstrating
en	how
en	it
en	clene and redy þe
en	qualified
en	way in þe
en	Houses,
en	nobill
en	þis purgacyoun
en	passages and vaults.
en	vayne & al for
en	nowe helyth
en	and so
en	Pox are caused of
en	o nyght and
en	helyng or
en	comfort
en	of a Fever,
en	time gives rise
en	and shoes, and
en	which by
en	forth with a great
en	cured
en	at any time
en	be soon laid
en	be stopped &
en	Authors do
en	sowkyng
en	that
en	be under
en	be norechyd on
en	Twisting
en	to be
en	Egge, make
en	colours of the
en	Vulgar means,
la	so þat
en	plente of
en	side, and
en	will break and
en	w=t= any grosse
en	of man
la	if þe
en	was drowned.
en	those that
en	abundance of humors,
en	craftes,
en	seeing into
en	that I
en	Remedies against
en	and Streets kept
en	with this paine,
en	hafe þis
en	this subject
la	þe place þat þe seed
en	and way
en	I took
en	it is the power of
en	of al thes
la	þou
en	profyt abele
en	another are found
en	nyght and synggyng
en	be diuerse.
en	I pray
en	dry
en	the Twisting of
en	be wastyd.
en	all the infants
en	Þis
en	and the fyer of
la	þat þe feolþe may
en	render the
en	plente of blood
en	be
en	when minucion
en	what at
en	is
en	wel, and 3ef þe seek
en	nowe helyth the
en	be
en	be auansed and
en	moist
en	local study
en	what the
en	nature is of
en	betonye
en	After
en	sylfen and of
en	or five
en	Yat
la	til þou be
en	take it or
en	of this
en	continue four
en	to be much
en	mesel, and when hit
en	with
en	not
en	I be tok Of agret
en	hot and
en	one may
en	Let
en	and bren it
en	wax yellow;
en	There being not so
en	caused of
en	first
en	and
en	And
en	of
en	influence Nature
en	has
en	frute
en	seen to remove
en	sayd as wer contrare
en	first plants
en	do make a stoke
en	daies will
en	Nature cannot
en	maistrie
en	and
en	of the principal
en	ago I
en	betonye I wyll
en	readier
en	good
en	of clisteries,
en	or add to the
en	of our
la	seek wyþ
en	of
en	dere frende Nero as
en	box who
en	name of
en	in every large
en	are
en	if any infirmitie
en	in
en	write to me
en	the Gout is a greife
en	its malignity,
en	oones, but when
en	bladders full of
en	is y seyd by fore an
en	iiij elementz aftre
en	made in this wyse.
en	flegm, the which
en	being
en	hit ys clepid
en	diseases,
en	the lepner
la	times þe vysage, þer
en	Embers
en	the mynde whiche
en	of
la	to þe
en	to me to be
en	do it in his mouþe
en	his kynde and
en	I could
en	saying, Sir I desire
en	old, be
en	to be
en	secret
en	beyng of kynde
en	som hafe it
la	or foure times þe
en	men blode,
en	Man wher of is þi
en	what is
en	the upper and
en	ben sangweyne
en	falling down
en	light, & free from
en	the braine are very
en	first to require our
en	the iugglynge
en	veins
en	By it
en	ye kyng of
en	angelica, sage, box,
en	whereas the body
en	as son
en	that it
en	made in this
en	Vitriol
en	local
en	smells, be taken
en	it is the power
en	us to averre a
en	wrang, And excuse me
en	it can
en	in
en	blood that
en	to
en	on but the
en	to gedre wel,
en	soon
en	the lepner and the
en	mawe
en	which
en	to
en	so continuing a
en	and on
en	aloen
en	large
en	which heareth,
en	y=e=
en	bowen inward with
en	of it, yet
en	mater was
en	is A vayne of
en	it
en	others of our own
en	keeping
en	it is profyt abele
en	dissected a poor
en	of importance, the
en	all thy body,
en	but yet if any
en	mannys
en	Many þings bene
en	þe preier of ye
en	a
en	only of
en	or hot bodies.
en	of al
en	abok, Y=t=
la	ore þat þey
en	gost; and write þes
en	fond wrety~ in
en	the shell wax
en	keeping the
en	almost every
en	it being the
la	þe
en	make a
en	and be communicated
en	it, take out the
en	at
en	and Streets
en	whereas the
en	good for þe
en	with many other
en	top
en	che purge er
en	the
en	to use
en	what is seen to
en	were
en	Also yf
en	i.e.,
la	swelliþ,
en	as being of a
en	observing, what at
en	naturally
en	a greife in
en	to tell me
en	Child which had
en	known virtues
en	or six months of
en	things, the smell
en	first five
en	to be
en	an
en	þat be of
en	sayd als
en	by
en	letuse, and stampe
en	bladders
en	adding a few
en	goldyn
en	of the
en	be examined
en	will bee
en	be gyn~e Y=t= many
en	the
en	be don
en	that every
en	sonne and þe
en	the
en	those whom
en	clensen
en	the
en	of hye complexioun
en	to take it or not,
en	in Embers of
en	first to
en	confirmed by
en	with
en	þat che
en	way of life of
en	were a mesel, and
en	of
en	vse þis
en	And mony other
en	taken not to
en	I graunt
en	despitefull
en	power of
en	BY
en	month ago a Child
en	rest,
la	dayes, þat þe
en	of blood
en	may renne out;
en	and about a
en	and
en	comfort the heart,
en	of a man
en	name
en	power.
en	Fro wykked sperytis
en	the Gout is
en	and alle
en	schal be giffen
en	calfe
en	dominion of the Sun,
en	shell only
en	therfor men that ben
en	and
la	and þe sonne
en	up at Puddle-dock by
en	I wyl y=e=
en	and beth
en	ayre be
en	under the
la	feolþe
en	in
en	by As I fond
en	an
en	may change a
en	Yat kepyth ma~nys
en	that I feare
en	delusions, and to
en	hit is so broken
en	to others of our own
en	being not
la	oþer
en	another are
en	furnish'd with
la	of þe
en	who are naturally
en	This has always
en	this treatise
en	Drink half
en	power of the mynde
en	it will
en	many vertewys
en	keep it
en	Aboue y=e= thovme
en	make clene and
en	of corruption, which
en	the sekenes
en	ayleth, and what the
en	the
en	judgment,
en	for þe
en	of
en	with a
en	þey3en.
en	observations.
en	fader and þe
en	to make clene
en	significacions of
en	having thus
en	thrown up
en	is a greife
en	a
en	fewe medecynes that
en	relegion purge
en	and Arteries, and
en	is
en	moyst
en	And thus
en	clene
la	of þe furst
en	graduation, to
la	of þe fader and
en	of the
en	it is probable
en	months ago I
en	Method how to use
en	power
en	its spoken
en	þi pryde ther is
en	calfe and
en	&
en	For swellyng
en	and then
en	the skynne is bowen
en	of the college;
en	matters to be
en	helpe hem sylfen and
en	it
en	curacioun or helyng
en	Urine, saying,
en	Y=t=
en	all to
en	This was
en	of clisteries, if
en	superfluous
en	be dene.
en	thus saluted me,
en	to helpe hem
en	accident of
en	upper and
en	noght because of
en	amongyste clerkes
en	instance they
en	y=e= thovme
en	y=e=
en	the Intestines;
en	necessary, not only
en	al
en	sick partie
en	me (though the
en	sothy~ yese lechys
en	a
en	way
la	þe significacions
en	hit, as hit
en	hem sylfen
en	in
en	life, are males.
en	essencion
en	with
en	to be examined
en	so it
en	the
en	with which curacioun
en	Medicine for
la	in þe
en	that Nature
en	helyng schal be
en	saucefleme; and
en	be removed;
en	any thing but what
en	and redy þe
en	take the eyes,
en	yolk, and fill the
en	be gyn~e Y=t=
en	sex.
en	(by reason of their
en	with hewynes in
en	and ocupacyon in
en	into the fellowship
en	encrease
en	be
en	an Egge, make
en	but yet if
en	Hydrops, out
en	is the
en	leuer takis harme.
en	don a way
en	forth, and many
en	ago
la	þe science or
en	a pound, beat them
en	vayne of
en	enabled to take
en	myght help
en	us to
en	flegm, the
en	of vomites
en	3e
en	practice,
en	part
en	physician,
en	yet
en	five
en	I took about
en	of
en	Þis is kynde makyng
en	discovery of the
en	thoght;For
en	other small
en	He is
en	or foure times
la	þe preier
en	to huyre
en	contained
en	Fraunce, hir broþer.
en	be considered of
en	five or
en	and sinewes,
en	the power of the
en	All
en	shirt, and
en	what
en	the partie ayleth,
en	day þryes
en	at
en	excellent and
en	alto
en	of it, yet farther
en	the rhetoricians, or
en	hote metys
en	hote
la	mouþe and
en	yet farther
en	medical
en	beyng of
en	vnpower to
la	if þou take þe mawe
en	of one kind or
en	whiche
en	some other
en	so it is nedeful þat
en	ynglond, at
en	lech mi3t
en	for ordinary
la	þe sonne and
en	taste
en	curacioun or
en	spirits and
en	the which
en	Authors
en	we can
en	being replete with
en	pint
en	aloen and stamp
en	the fellowship of
en	obliges us to averre
en	some part or
en	vse
en	into five Lobs,
en	abok,
en	are found
en	subject seems
la	þou take þe
en	Method how to
en	hit
en	abele to
en	gedre wel, and 3ef
en	be considered
en	don a way in
en	and hit ys
en	is mixed with
en	he
en	be considered of þe
en	vp, other
en	not only in every
en	and
en	it behoveth all
en	the signes Cancer
en	for plente of
en	it can best
en	but what is of good
en	a greater
en	are found necessary,
en	the grekys fyer and
en	That the Air we
en	poudre
en	be communicated
en	our
en	hym bere Fro wykked
en	whit wyne, and
en	in a galown of
en	left hande for
en	wastyd.
en	Small Pox are caused
en	dry especially box
en	the chilosity of
en	This is yuel for
en	commonly
en	I myght help
en	anthepasyn ys
en	Drink half a
en	side, and two
en	mesel,
en	ana,
en	3if y=u= of vomites
en	so broken
en	should
en	left;
en	hem to gedre
en	I haue nowe tolde
en	do wrongfully apply,
en	and
en	dock
en	enabled to
en	the
en	which within three
en	nobill fame;
en	the
en	childe
en	by &
en	very much troubled
en	rounde it is Man
en	at sea and land.
en	sutures of one kind
en	only in
en	yese lechys
en	flesh to fulfill
en	practice, and
en	other
en	norechyd on hem
en	unto
en	a great accident
en	as being
en	perfection of it,
en	oyle
en	nowe tolde
en	the
en	as much
en	the
en	me if it be
en	the
en	obliges
en	in
en	herbs are
en	Being a discovery of
en	produced
en	the mynde whiche
en	of membre of man
en	a month
en	w=t=
la	til þou
en	he shalle
en	Gout
en	a galown of whyte
en	AS sutures of one
en	whom
en	Of agret ladyes
en	take þereof the iiij
en	to doe it, that
en	of
en	and light, &
en	cleare and
en	alone
en	that I myght help
en	to attend
en	iugglynge castes
en	under the
la	þey ben
en	with Saffron; roast
en	and
en	nothynge at all
en	top of it, take out
en	thes may
en	life,
en	be tok Of agret
en	with the bloud,
en	observing that
en	hafe it lengere
en	which, I
la	þei swelliþ, and
en	for to be
en	doth much comfort,
en	an
en	a deep
en	twice as much
en	of oyle
en	this, Experience has
en	I pray the
en	the herbs
en	ana, stampe hem to
en	to
en	should diligently be
en	drinkys, and lyuoun
en	wyll
en	kepyth ma~nys
en	the first
la	In þe name of þe
en	things,
en	of
en	Head to the
en	or
en	humour,
en	the grieued part
en	causes of the
en	If you be sick
en	by a long
en	knowledge
en	accident
en	haue
en	&
en	that I
en	box who is hot
en	by a comparative
en	and
en	wyþ hote watur.
en	comparative
en	in
en	but what is of
en	the
en	always
en	to
en	roast the shell and
en	wrongfully apply,
en	veynes I haue
en	driveth it forth
en	membre
en	hewynes
en	About 18 months
en	time
en	with
en	be.
en	same essencion
en	many diseases,
en	a tumor
en	attend to
en	much
en	the
en	hem to
en	parts thereof,
en	the
en	to be
la	þe rygge so þat
en	that every one may
en	Disease;
en	rygge so
en	the bloud,
en	has
en	much
en	frute and flours
en	in the cavity
en	pint of this Morning
la	of þe
en	but the collar
en	ys
en	a sowkyng calfe and
en	from
en	way
en	Drink
en	norysched with hote
en	the signes
en	ys
en	to remove it,
en	Art: and though
en	a judgment, not
en	planet
en	divided into
en	by the tide, having
en	repleat unto
en	plente of blood that
en	prove, that
en	and the
en	is none jwys
en	it lengere
en	his kynde for
en	forwhi
en	the voyd
en	calls the
en	and fellows.
en	month ago a
en	of oyle of
en	and local
en	other with some
en	of
en	was thrown
en	a stoke repleat
en	sort
en	within three
en	ys
en	is the object
la	þe sonne and þe holy
en	long and
en	yet if any
en	write to
en	science or
en	when þey ben with
en	on clysters.
en	þereof the iiij
en	mention to
en	of whom its
en	Nature
en	ony frut
en	in some
en	it
en	hem ony frut
en	upon it, both at
en	frut it is
en	The thyrde
en	so
en	may
en	a hole in
en	confeccion
en	that wyll
en	mi3t haue al
en	tumor
en	be able
la	þe connyng of
en	with þe
en	as
en	to
en	it, that every
en	are so
en	or bladders full of
en	I dissected
en	shew the substance
en	of the disease, from
en	name of þe
en	Gyle ys for
en	whom
en	in general,
en	cause noisom
en	This
en	forgif me if it
en	braine are very
en	the yolk, and fill
en	for use.
la	þe herbe celidoyne
en	and about a month
en	sea
en	that every
en	render
la	þe name
en	from the
en	our exercise,
en	antiquity of this
en	to
en	I fond
en	you be sick after
en	by antepasyn when
en	complexion
en	few drops of
en	the readier judge of
en	paine of distention.
en	which Authors
en	mouþe and alsone he
en	time
en	sonne and
en	Sope-Suds,
en	þis
en	well annointing
en	þat þey be of drye
en	ony frut it is
en	and run forth, and
en	a sowkynge hare,
en	much
en	lynseed and comyn
en	being not so much
en	nature is of o
en	kynde and of
en	and ley to þe
en	stampe
en	took
en	the
en	distention.
en	This is
en	the
en	alto powdere,
en	that
en	if
en	&~ letuse, and
en	apowdyr
en	are very much
en	life
en	þing with which
en	and such like to
en	the
la	þer
en	other lette
en	mych rest, and þey
en	hot bodies.
en	white, and
en	by fore an
en	hande for
en	the principal causes
en	castes of
en	and two
en	Cloues
en	amongst other
en	The thyrde water
en	of
en	of it, should
en	and land.
en	right side,
en	of
en	the
en	the
la	sonne and þe holy
en	of betonye
en	Urine,
en	be giffen for
en	well to attend
en	in an affair of
en	wrang,
en	of a Fever, the
en	by the
en	is saucefleme;
en	Air we breathe
en	the
la	þer
en	the Gout is a
en	is y seyd
la	þe significaciouns
en	seen,
en	whom I took about 10
en	are under the signes
en	and
en	Saffron; roast the
en	hit
en	sick
en	thy body,
en	anoynte euery day
en	þe þings with
en	jurisdiction
en	doe it, that every
en	Persons,
en	had an Involution
en	til
en	arteries, and vital
en	seek wyþ hote watur.
en	i~ne, Betonye sothy~
en	of this Essay;
en	all Filth,
en	with
en	þey be of
en	As I fond
en	and obliges
en	of
en	near his
en	farther
en	while for me to
en	lyuoun yn
en	untill the shell
en	it,
en	is the object of
en	thing,
en	to me
en	Lobs,
en	Hydrops, out of whom
en	and moist in
en	so that
en	yf the sekenes
en	all Things, that
en	thovme
en	and ocupacyon
en	what
en	able to
en	I
en	I
en	in this wyse.
en	It is the object
en	This disease
en	the
en	also
en	like to be
en	college;
en	and
en	well annointing with
en	is
en	of humors,
en	son as
en	considering
en	virtues to
en	one kind or
en	for
en	of known virtues to
en	gedre wel, and
en	Man wher of is
en	greife in some by
en	if
en	water,
en	to eat any
en	borwyng I be
en	frend, for the mater
en	therfor men
en	an syx
en	not to overload
en	or
en	good smell and
en	or helyng schal be
en	the
en	into the
en	y=e= thovme is
en	oþer sekenesse to be
en	a mannys bodye,
en	Strong
en	and
en	and hit ys made
en	it will be soon
en	sinewes, and
en	A
en	and flours been of
en	the which commonly
en	within the first
en	is helyd or cured be
en	of
en	apply, as instance
en	the iugglynge castes
en	þings with
en	poor
en	I
en	be sick
en	whyte wyne.
en	and lyuoun yn mych
en	of
en	or
en	be able to form a
en	be
en	a judgment, not only
en	wyll
en	will break and run
en	of it,
en	stomack to
en	voyd places.
en	vaynes, vse
en	Medicine
en	forth with a
en	kynde makyng of
en	Involution
en	exactly delineating
en	certain
en	Liquor measured:
en	are
en	Take an
en	me a fewe
en	always appeared
en	this
en	and life,
en	Medicine for those
en	a
en	of their ignorance)
en	wound, but in
en	but likewise
en	euery
en	it sethe tyl
en	it and do it in his
en	ordinary
en	other wounds
en	be
en	hare,
en	me if
en	as che purgis
en	come of secret
en	can
en	rhetoricians,
en	membre of man
en	name of þe fader and
en	not
en	and so continuing a
en	be sick after
en	substance of
en	it be wrang, And
en	by
en	and stronger
en	thing, and to
en	the
en	of
en	or mitigate
en	gain'd by a long and
en	his
en	and parts
en	to the
en	pore
en	and
en	treatise to
en	al 3owre
en	light, & free
en	all Persons,
en	The
en	doe it,
en	it or not, would
en	plants are
en	I wyl
en	and
en	and ley to
en	y=e= telle by & by
en	medicine
la	medell þe poudre
en	the
en	and sinewes, and
la	it acordeþ þe
en	of kynde and of þe
en	few
en	without question
en	take
en	Nature cannot bear
en	be
en	I myght help pore
en	a great accident of
en	but
en	other
en	are
en	is none
en	shirt, and shoes,
en	a Child which had an
en	The Lungs is also
en	of one
en	Ligaments,
en	into
en	and
en	ye
en	residing within
en	falleth into sekenes
en	degree, both the
en	comfort the
en	hot and moyst in
en	The
en	know that
en	worth while for me
en	the college, is
en	wol breke out, as
en	irksome to
en	with hote
en	or Pellicles
en	syx dayes,
en	or
en	or hot
en	his own health,
en	letuse, and
en	be giffen for to
en	with
la	and 3ef þe seek wyþ
en	of their life, are
en	to
en	che is
en	ayleth, and what
en	&~
en	day þryes or foure
en	thing but what is of
en	the
en	these
en	a few drops of
en	tide,
en	this treatise to
en	a way in þe
en	by & by
en	Nero
en	be taken away;
en	sufficient to the
en	I fond wrety~
en	me
en	to be furnish'd
en	calls the Twisting
en	under
en	i~ vayne & al for
en	Otherwiles
en	guard therefore
en	And thus much
en	is Man wher of is þi
en	noisom smells, be
en	seed sal ly
en	leuer takis
en	Nutmegges,
en	Drink
en	out, as hit
en	six months of their
en	find, it being
en	on what plan, it
en	her blod wastyth.
en	that she
en	vaults.
en	put
en	be
en	sharpe and
en	and to
en	infants that are
en	as hit is y
en	hare, or
en	against
en	must be taken not
en	to
en	we
en	it is
en	hy~
en	Nourishment, and
la	þe science or þe
en	be perceyued of þe
en	Air we
en	nature be
en	together,
en	lynseed
en	on what plan,
en	is accordingly
en	pound,
la	þat
en	to be under the
en	of the eares be
en	poores and issues
en	has always appeared
en	a Hydrops, out
en	of
en	thy
en	the
en	Isabel of
en	I shew the substance
en	skynne is
en	Let ayre be cleare
en	of o substance jwys
en	has taught to
en	or
en	it will be
en	what is of good
la	þes names in
en	ys made by antepasyn
en	stomack
en	of
en	of
en	man was thrown up
en	the right
en	subordinate, or
en	of life of
en	ys
en	hit wol breke out,
en	Charcole, untill
en	gives
en	che purgis che
en	abundance
en	& free from
en	yellow;
en	seruyse her
en	own
en	certain time it
en	a
en	the Disease is;
en	Tak
en	mixed with the
la	is þe
en	land.
en	relegion purge noght
en	write
en	it
en	there that we can
en	the fyer
en	believe, the
en	are under
en	anoynte
en	accident of a Fever,
en	roast the
en	any thing but
en	prepossest
la	þe
en	for to be perceyued
en	some part
en	helyd or cured
en	of other
en	to averre a greater
en	the
en	and twice as much
en	grekys fyer
en	twice as
la	of þe essencion or
en	great
en	&~ letuse,
en	hym
en	clerkes
en	the thing, and
en	i~
en	true causes of
en	from the Head to
en	þing
la	abele þat
en	some borowed and
en	be wrang,
en	right
en	as
en	or add
en	is bowen inward with
en	hathe the mynde his
en	wyll
en	for plente of blood
en	by
en	wel, and 3ef
en	That come
en	sort are so
en	claims of the
en	too too
en	seed sal
en	will
en	of the belly.
en	to
en	be under the
en	make a
en	only
en	of vomites wylt
en	virtues
en	by As
en	of
en	lette gude
en	not only in
en	vysage, þer hit
en	to the corruption of
en	by
en	and
en	there
en	mannys complexion.
en	That
en	clene and redy
en	or
en	boke.
en	togedyr
en	the
en	is bowen
en	Body
en	remove it, and
en	o substance jwys
la	daies þer nature is
en	for to be
en	minucion is
en	safe
en	his own health, and
en	viz. three on
en	caused
en	vp, other with
en	extraordinary
la	surdi et valebit ut
en	vel
en	lardi
en	sit rite
en	lassum, si te
en	.N.
en	est.
la	eo capud et tempera
en	sanctus +
en	et nichil
en	et melle mixta
en	poni super aquam &
en	aquas:
en	super
la	cum sale et melle
en	+ Christus vincit,
en	tua~
en	tere
en	& sulphuri vivi
la	in aliquo vase
la	tui + agios +
en	+ agios +
en	ingerit, egerit,
la	condiendo simul et
en	frigiditatis
en	tantum quantum
en	vermes in cilijs
en	draconis p.
en	Cerebri
en	intret de ipso
en	dolorem tollit.
en	ea lava capud
la	oleo coque et
en	exeat a
en	quod
la	feniculi tere et
la	nos in sanguine tuo.
en	Angelicæ, Aloes
en	fluvium
en	trita
en	mentes
la	ære perennius)
en	videatur.
en	et salem
en	trita
en	Calcis ex ouorum
en	m~
la	Patrem et Filium et
en	et appone
en	sua
en	sit
en	dissolvatur (prout
en	frangunt, colorem
en	quando
en	sit, nec
la	excoriatam, ossa et
en	pri~s
en	Item seledonia
la	Tertia frigida et
en	purgandum
en	Et
en	de
en	inpressis in
en	Sequitur
en	ter
en	reprimendas voces:
en	&
en	modo fit
en	Ebrius hausit
en	Labilis vt
la	famulo tuo .N. sicud
en	simul & anfert
en	alterna
en	abietis
en	pone in aceto
en	debet poni super
en	poni
en	et oleo
en	Ad idem.
en	Et menta
en	vel
la	calida est
en	duas
en	frangit
en	Hoc facto conditum
en	et sic adjungatur
en	ame~.
en	simul tere
en	fiet lassum, si
en	ceram mitte
en	ossibus
en	ix
en	De~ p~pici~ esto m~
en	Pugnis, quot
en	celodonie .vi., de
la	vt vita est,
en	ouorum testis, p.
en	recentem
la	dicitur esse
en	et cum
en	hiatu ossis, ne
en	per Patrem et
en	De~ p~pici~
en	et calidum
en	Ad sanandum
en	et ab omnibus
en	Valere dicitur
en	aquam & sine
la	tua qu firment
en	commedat
en	De
en	cauda
en	aceto et
en	aceto
la	coque et
en	Grana Angelica,
en	non cressent pili
la	tune dicitur esse
en	laus sit
en	meus, adiutor sis
en	tua~ Miserere
en	creticus
en	et oleo roseo mixta
en	Anno
en	capitis
en	inter carnem
la	illa dicitur esse
la	+ agios + agios +
en	plenas
en	lepram
en	nos in
en	lardi a
en	oculis
en	et
en	et bibe.
en	vivens
en	tua
en	sit in capite
la	Infectus neque sit,
en	'Pede super colles
en	mane cum
la	sine pilis, et
la	vivens coque et
en	et libenter volo
en	centauriam in
en	per triduum ipsam
en	eius adde predictis
en	corpus,
en	per pannum
en	tu
en	Resspice
en	est
en	priuilegio a
en	disstringe venas
en	albumen
en	mitte
la	passionem humoris
en	simul &
en	et
la	quando est sicca
en	cum ea lava
en	Item pulegium
en	de mastic
en	facto lokechestre
en	a linthe juxta plage
en	fiet
en	super
en	scaldynge
la	Filium et
en	purgat Juniperus
en	nares
en	cutem desiccat vel
en	seledonia cum
en	per
en	cum oleo
en	salgiam,
en	potuque modus sit,
en	propria super
en	ruta trita
en	redemisti
en	et non cressent
en	rutam,
en	faciunt, lapidem
en	syropis potus enim
en	cum eo capud
en	fuerit in
en	primus liber
en	coronam
en	valebit
en	curabilis.
en	formicarum, lacrimam
en	surdi et
en	si
en	Olibani p. ij.
la	degestionem faciunt,
en	inde fac unum
en	volo
en	surditas.
en	inter
en	et
en	te,
en	roseo mixta fronte
en	et humida.
en	sit fracta cum nuce:
en	paciendi
en	qualiter
en	et caveat
en	de
la	aqua et
en	Quod caret
en	viride
en	corrumpant otia
en	et cum eo capud
en	et
en	fuerit, ceram mitte
en	cauda debet
en	cum sale trita ossa
la	pannum et fac unum
la	coccliar unum et
en	pre
en	ullo
en	fractis in
en	mitte ea
en	Item oleo facto
en	stomaco
en	betam viridem bene
la	aqua coque et
en	caliditatis/
en	nobis debita nra~
en	fumus terrae in
en	coque
en	et caliditatis
en	bene
en	codem,
en	quicquid
en	jejunus.
en	Item
en	ut
en	ni moueantur
en	Iacea nigra
en	desiccat vel
la	inaccessos vbi
en	de urina propria
en	frigeat sicque
en	panem
en	inpressis in capite
en	le scaldynge
en	celodonie
en	habeat vnam
la	acrem et cum exeat
en	capud
en	Cerebri
en	primam
en	ederam
en	gradus
en	venas famuli tui
en	in forti aceto et
en	aqua coque
en	Item ad
en	in vase
en	studiorum Millia.
la	sanabit vulnus.
la	lardo et butiro
en	Sanctum ne hic
en	nos ab hoste
en	liber
en	in
en	et vinum
en	p~ennis instet
en	Super
en	palme & debet
en	deperit omne
en	super aquam &
la	capitis profundam et
la	furno et
en	si
en	Tere agrimoniam
en	curam, Inque cibo
en	asspergatur, et
en	plebs
en	otia corpus,
en	in
en	Miserere
en	debet
en	ix confortant
en	sub
en	si taga sit
en	Pater nr~
la	cum sale et
en	die apponatur.
en	posteriori
en	primi
en	per diem
en	si absens sit,
en	vel
en	oleo facto de
en	equis,
en	iuvat
en	nichil
en	vnam
en	faciunt,
en	et cum succo inunge
en	habeat vnam
en	habeat vnam partem
en	equo
en	& anfert fetorem
en	inundat
en	habeat
en	Secretis
en	pane
en	dolore: Succum
en	tempera.
en	capud
en	in aceto ad narez
en	unge pacientis.
en	siliginis acerino
en	in cilijs oculorum.
en	super
la	sindi pro dolore:
en	plaga sit in capite
en	in
en	tui .N.
en	non
la	et vinum misse et
en	Sequitur de
en	interficiendum ranam
en	vel ix confortant
en	de aceto, deinde
la	capite et
en	sit,
en	(prout
en	volo me
en	vertiginem
en	neque
en	Dirupisti dn~e
la	Hæc reuocat
en	et
en	et
en	incurabilis; set si
la	tantum quantum de
en	jus feniculi,
en	prodest, Sic
en	calidam circum
en	Sic
en	et distempera cum
en	Ad deponendum
en	morbus
en	nervus audibilis
en	broceam usque ad
la	Hinc stygias Ebrius
en	Grana Angelica, &c.
en	dum salgia crescit
en	aetate planetarum
en	me emendare
en	quibus partibus
en	ab
en	'Sicut
la	bene tritam et cum
en	igne
en	agios + agios
en	super capud
en	Dirupisti
en	quousque
en	testa rupta fuerit
en	tertio
en	michi
en	Daucus asininus
en	renascentur.
en	mundatum confice
en	'Sequere me'
en	De~
en	pannum
en	aceto
en	siliginis bene
en	sit,
en	melle
en	anglice 'flour-ben',
en	requie durabile non
en	et fracta sit
en	partem frigiditatis
en	sub fumigan
en	caprino
en	pcco~ri D~ne
en	comune sapore coitus
la	butiro et oleo et
la	ac vulneri et cum
en	super locum
en	sanguine
en	eiusmodi
en	quo vita
en	et
en	adjungatur lento.
en	baptizatus
en	Hoc fiet lassum, si
en	contra
en	capiti vulnerato
en	aceto et nares unge
en	bullire quousque
en	mensura deperit
la	adde predictis et
en	vel
en	collum
la	lingni et admisse
en	Item contra
en	et
en	vel in alio
en	sanctus + sanctus
en	tere cum
en	est qua~do
en	frigiditatis
la	caliditatis est cum
en	betam
en	pone
en	Quod
en	Explicit
en	ungwentum fuscum
en	amara
en	ad
en	capud inunge.
en	coctum
la	panniculum .i. est
en	ab infirmitate fine
en	in aqua coque
en	dorso vel
en	Item
en	ut frigeat sicque
en	Valere dicitur fumus
en	molissime
en	deponendum telam
en	in
en	hoc
en	trita
en	ignem
en	nervi gustabiles
en	vel
en	sanies
en	ranam
en	tune
en	purgandum et
en	ignis exeat de
en	unge
en	et infirmus per
en	Granum solis
en	tritam
en	hic
la	Unaquaque die iii.
en	ruta trita cum
en	pestilencialem
en	nobis debita
en	prognatus codem,
en	eo capud inunge.
en	incipit de
en	lento.
en	loco corporis:
en	erbam
en	olei
en	partibus
en	+
en	furit, urbs
en	et
en	kaluris sub fumigan
en	editus
la	vino quiesse
en	farine
en	ter coque in
en	vitam, fine
en	jovis,
en	Ad faciendum
en	Pro ossibus fractis
la	dicitur esse calida
en	semini appone cumque
en	superflues
en	Spiritum Sanctum ne
en	In
en	Bibe
en	dicitur
en	in
en	herbam circa
en	et caveat hiis
en	canis
en	prodest,
en	agios
en	inpone broceam
en	Vt capiant vitium
en	Inque cibo
en	priusquam
en	qualitas
en	lactea porta
en	nuncquam
en	Sic
la	panem siliginis bene
en	Incipit
la	mortario tere et
en	de mitre .ii.,
en	scaldynge virge
la	tuo .N.
en	gratia
en	draconis
en	Cu~
en	acetum,
en	agios +
en	sacrificabo
la	ovi et condiendo
en	poni super
en	id est fluxus
en	et sic mundatum
en	operitur, Regnum
en	dies
en	Liber Cerebri
en	res illa
en	Deinde
la	ignis volans
en	cum
en	labile corpus, Sic
en	maioribus
la	medicinæ talis
en	et fac coronam
en	coctam et
en	si
en	et
en	res habeat
en	vel calida.
en	sindi
en	De gradibus
en	enim datus scabiem
en	ut odor intret de
en	furit,
en	reprimendas
la	coctam et calidam
en	et si absens
en	ipsam herbam
la	a lardo et
en	vivae
en	cum oleo et
en	et
en	sua subfumigetur
en	croceiq~ coloris.
en	non est.
en	Contra dolorem
en	appone cumque
la	vel alios vermes:
en	desiccat
en	D~ne ihu~ redemisti
en	potus enim
la	ad Aemilianum cæcum
en	in aporimatibus; &
en	nome~
en	labile corpus,
en	capita
en	Salus populi
en	plage
en	cere .ii., olei
en	testa
en	dolore in dorso vel
en	Miserere mei p~pt~
la	vulneris tange et
en	sancti
en	dm~
en	diebus a lardo
en	Cernis vt ignauum
en	epidemialis
en	sacre p~ennis
en	In
en	vase pleno
en	neque sit, nec olens
en	sicut
en	et inde fac unum
en	humida.
en	coque in aqua
en	ipso et
en	sine mensura deperit
en	tune
en	gloria.
en	editus contra
en	de
en	a lardo
en	in ipso hiatu ossis,
en	Deinde commedat
en	super colles
en	virge quod
en	modus sit,
la	item acerimo aceto
en	tui .N. plenas
en	fuerit, da
en	parte
la	oleum inponatur et
en	in
en	vel lardi a linthe
en	et cum
en	Uxor, Mors,
en	piperis, farine
la	tu nos ab hoste
en	mea. tibi
en	Si nucem poterit
en	michi pcco~ri D~ne
en	playstrum
la	furno et iterum
en	Prima
en	& cutem desiccat vel
en	voluptas.
en	irascens/ prodigus/
en	circa collum
en	est absque
en	et cum exeat a
en	equali pondere.
en	frigida
en	sanguinis.
en	locato
en	in capite: Bibe
en	melle trita
en	odor intret
en	aceto, deinde
en	gaudet equis,
en	passione~
en	Diues
en	qu
en	+ agios
en	Item
en	Item ad
en	ex qualibet fractura
en	infirmus per
en	quod fluit
en	a rege indulto.
en	et nome~ dm~
en	archemeseam
en	incurabilis;
en	sit, nec olens
en	fracta cum
en	pustulas a
en	disstringe
en	Si
en	ossibus
la	jure erbarum et
en	inuocabo.
en	Pilulæ
en	tolle illud
en	et pone
en	in saniorem aurem
en	coque in furno hoc
en	expelle
en	pondere, hec omnia
en	&c.
en	grauiter peccasse.
en	Seuit mare,
en	&
la	sanctus est remedium
en	Absterge, Domine,
en	Ad
en	te, infirmitas, per
en	mundari poterit) et
en	Item ad vertiginem:
en	ingerit, egerit, est
en	sit
en	Quo dicto
en	succo
en	caliditatis/
en	raucas reprimendas
la	olens fætore cloacæ.
en	consolatio
en	cum lino
la	capite et fracta
la	acerimo aceto et
la	alios non inderisus
en	huiusmodi
la	inponatur et sic
en	coque
la	Dialthææ
en	vulnerato
en	De~ p~pici~ esto
en	in capite
en	Pro dolore in
en	esse calida in
en	vulneris
en	debita nra~ sicut &
en	filia
la	aures et
en	pro oculis
la	abietis et cum ardet
en	filij &
en	cum
en	libri
en	non inderisus
en	iruens in juncturas
en	cutem desiccat
en	inter cutanei.
en	Explicit Liber
en	Folia
en	omne
en	Item abrotanum bibat
en	uricrisiarum,
en	in ollam,
en	trita
en	D~ne
en	PRimus
en	Item ruta
en	& syropis potus
en	&c.
en	aurem
en	cum
en	sicca vel calida.
en	Postea
en	de mitre .ii., cere
en	Miserere mei
en	fracta
en	Item ob
en	intermittere
en	cognosco me grauiter
en	betoniam et
en	& mundus
en	Agrimoniam cum lacte
en	habeat vna~
en	cum
en	adiutor sis
en	siccate duo
en	in juncturas suas
en	vocem
en	ardens
en	frangere vel nodum
en	esse calida
en	& cutem desiccat
en	de
la	vino quiesse et
en	aere sed cauda
en	ardens super aquam &
en	anglice
en	in capite
en	fine ad
en	dorso
en	Temperantia
en	qualibet fractura ac
en	est
en	D~ne ihu~ xp~e Ego
en	Angelica, &c.
en	taga sit fracta
en	taga sit fracta cum
en	fetorem anelitus
en	et cum eo capud
en	quantum de
en	Fulmine
en	melle
la	Quartus gradus est
en	sicut
en	et
en	super anteriorem
en	Dimitte nobis
en	unum playstrum
en	adveniat
en	pone in
en	quibus
la	tere et
en	virge
en	vincit, Christus
en	vel in
en	in
en	inunge.
la	cum aqua et
en	ranam in stomaco vel
en	et vinum misse
la	cum lino et pone
en	primis:
la	rutam et feniculum
en	caret
en	paciens de
la	coque in aqua et cum
en	tertio gradu.
la	dolore quasi mentes
en	Johannis
en	ihu~ xp~e Ego
en	capitis
en	domini Millesimo
en	dies creticus
en	aceto ad narez
en	Multi multa
en	tuas
en	ungwentum
en	est labile corpus,
la	feniculi tere et cum
en	calidum,
la	qualitas tactabilis
en	calida
en	cere .ii.,
en	+ sanctus + Christus
en	19rb\]
en	quasi mentes
en	liber de Secretis
en	Ova
en	Labilis
en	anteriorem
en	septem.
en	herba pulmonis
en	feniculum
en	trecentesimo
en	sulphuri
en	vivens coque
en	nervi odorabiles
en	illa grauabunt.
en	illa
en	i. jus,
en	guttas de
en	locato prout poterit
en	oleo
en	faciendum bonum
en	ea lava
en	albumen ovi
en	die iii.
en	&
en	est
en	sanat.
en	est
en	ponere prodest,
en	vertigines at
en	sume,
en	illo
en	mare,
la	Pilulæ Tartareæ,
en	liber de
en	da
la	Jordanis quando
en	gradu.
en	et
en	(prout mundari
en	secundum justitiam
en	sensus
en	inominata
en	cum
en	et raucas
en	sed cauda debet
en	narez pone calidum,
en	portionem
en	nichil bibat
en	ad
en	simul in olla
en	et feniculum
en	Item
la	frigiditatis et octo
en	mitte ea que
en	cum aqua
en	Ex
en	poterit frangere vel
la	simul et postea cola
en	Domine, maculam ab
en	ea lava capud tuum.
en	et
en	condiendo simul
en	sanctus
en	intret de ipso et
la	Trahit sua quemq~
en	hoc modo fit
en	coque simul in olla
en	Item trifolium in
en	secretorum, secundum
en	rapitur, Seuit mare,
en	Johannis de
en	et sexdecem
en	menta
en	et
la	trifolium simul
en	capitis dolores:
la	Diues inaccessos vbi
en	et admisse favum
en	comune sapore
en	Absterge,
la	profundam et si
en	caliditatis/ tune
en	et priuilegio a
en	agios +
en	Astutus/ gracilis/
en	cum aliqua
en	talis & artis,
en	lune calida
en	ihu~ redemisti
la	nec olens fætore
en	& desuper.
en	et
en	mort~ sacre p~ennis
en	mundus sit
en	oleo
en	etas
en	Tere
la	pulegium coctum in
en	+ sanctus
en	ab
en	calida in
en	et fracta sit taga,
en	pacior paciendi
en	cum oleo coque
en	caliditatis
en	tunc tolle de
en	'vincat opus
en	ab omnibus
en	capiti calidam
en	et
en	loco
en	et ab
en	deinde
en	Item si
en	codem, Pugnis, quot
en	forti
en	Mors furit,
la	butiro et oleo et ab
en	in capite et
en	ponatur in saniorem
en	Pone in
en	Item ad capud
en	sub
en	superflues inter
la	forti aceto et cum
en	vitium ni
en	inde
en	et succum eius adde
en	Prima etas
la	et Filium et
en	syropis
en	& spu~s
en	leuat.
en	prurigine
Prediction array: [0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0]