en	body of a
en	of Man, exactly
en	a Child which
en	is the purport
en	the dominion of the
en	to be very
en	veins and Arteries,
en	into the fellowship
en	hot
en	replete
en	as
en	w=t=
en	males.
en	of
en	vaults.
en	but the collar of
en	be
en	only in every
en	preier of ye kyng
en	which Authors
en	frute and
en	with
en	causes
en	rysyng o
en	am
en	of wyrchyng for
en	and two on the left;
en	hit ys
en	only in every large
en	contained
en	that may advance
la	þe significaciouns
la	feolþe
en	vayne & al for
en	elementz aftre
en	of
en	admission
la	þey hafe þis
en	you
en	body
en	as wer contrare
en	And vaynes
en	ys
en	humors, the upper
en	almost all the
en	Arteries, and all
en	the
en	least paines are
en	good smell and taste
en	them well
en	or Pellicles viz.
en	þis medicine
en	of is
en	as his
en	for the mylte;
en	into five
en	the power of the
en	qualified to
en	make a
en	grekys fyer and the
en	i.e., old,
en	in
en	considered of
en	the
en	greater antiquity
la	þe veynes
en	galown of whyte
en	subordinate, or
la	til þou
en	thus
en	attend to the
en	into that
en	it or not,
en	mixed with the
en	was
en	with
en	it
en	che
en	of the meat from the
en	for þe
en	to be the case;
en	when minucion
en	Clothes,
en	of clisteries,
en	cometh forth certain
en	it lengere as
en	good entret.
en	me, presents
en	To knawe
en	dere
en	gret name bar y=e=
en	is meant a
en	the
en	is abele to
en	boke.
en	light, & free
en	that
en	own health, and
en	veynes
en	and paynted colours
en	of
en	curyng
en	whiche
la	nedeful þat þe
en	þer schulde
en	a
en	I am
en	propriety of
en	to be
en	be perceyued of þe
en	thoght;For
en	be wholesome, all
en	take out
la	þe place þat þe seed
en	So
en	his
en	Saturn
en	the white,
en	stronger parts put
en	oones, but when
en	these people;
en	you be sick after
en	y=e= fe all be
en	every well
en	what
en	hernia, or descent,
en	be
en	and to doe it,
en	a stroke and not
en	the
en	helyd or
en	Sun, as being of a
en	of nobill fame;
en	in a less degree may
la	redy þe place þat þe
en	kynde
en	Behind the
en	by
en	take
en	had an Involution
en	vomites wylt hawe
en	the grekys fyer and
en	so much, that Nature
en	iiij
en	greater antiquity of
en	the object
en	is the power
en	good fortune
en	are
en	norysched with hote
en	pryde ther is none
en	a greife in
en	unto the lower,
en	them of
en	but in
en	who
en	yn mych rest,
en	to be perceyued of
en	so continuing
en	alone sufficient to
en	that every
en	not only in every
en	or
en	question under
en	graunt it
la	þat þey be
en	choller
en	meat, use this.
en	betonye I
en	clene and redy þe
en	whom I took
en	reason of their
en	frend, for the mater
en	we shall be able
en	saying, Sir
en	the herbs are
en	where by
en	the mater was hard &
en	the
en	distroye
en	Hydrops, out of
en	when
en	change a mannys
en	Saffron together, in
en	their life,
en	were.
en	it
en	add to the
en	castes of
en	sylfen and of
en	myght
en	behoveth
en	connyng of
en	Small
en	it, that every
en	bee an hard matter
en	delusions, and
en	to be
en	ys
en	of good Nourishment,
en	out the white,
en	I haue sayd
en	lengere as þei
en	what
en	fourth
en	a month ago
en	3e that
en	thing but what is of
en	as che purgis che is
en	of a Hydrops, out
en	be under
en	beyng of
en	has
en	out,
en	in
en	and certain
en	as hit
en	make a stoke
en	The Lungs
en	wounds and
en	contained in
en	Behind the Lungs
en	hit were
en	are mych
en	the which
en	be norysched
en	auansed
en	wyll lette gude
en	to remove it, and
en	the Breast
en	be
en	any
en	body of
en	the cavity
en	be much seeing into
en	but yet if
en	For
en	hafe þis purgacyoun
en	or cured be
en	and
en	fill the shell only
en	obliges us to
en	and such like to
en	the herbs are all
en	to
en	it, take out
en	natural propriety
en	laid entirely
en	indeed
en	for to distroye many
en	from the stomack
la	3ef þe seek wyþ
en	hande for
en	can find, it being
en	holy
en	degree may
en	could
en	feare it will bee an
en	the yolk, and fill
en	can
en	but
en	but
en	together,
en	þings
en	of helle
en	it, both at sea
en	and
en	it, both
en	with which
en	it wyll hy~
la	wyþ
en	are
en	y=u= of vomites
en	his own health, and
en	helpe hem
en	AS
en	it is the power of
en	wheals or
en	entret.
en	were
en	yolk, and
en	alto
en	of
en	Head to the
en	A treatise
en	procure this paine
en	that it will be
en	too well
en	exactly
en	the left;
en	of
en	the
en	a good entret.
en	significacions of
en	and
en	easy
en	and
en	hafe
en	fader and
en	Gallons
en	the mynde his
en	encrease
en	is A
en	with
en	for me
en	of it, but likewise
en	be wastyd.
en	your opinion
en	if any
en	antiquity
en	fortune
en	of it,
en	excuse me
en	I am sad & soleynge
en	of this
en	is none
en	it, and what
en	which,
en	to
en	his power.
en	local study and
en	or six months
en	ache seed,
en	influence.
en	is knowne by the
en	of this
en	planet
en	a sowkynge hare, or
en	the Stomach.
la	write þes
en	perceyued of þe
en	seen,
en	nature
en	syx dayes,
en	to
en	a good
en	half a pint
en	fell into the
en	and moyst
en	what
en	lyuoun yn mych rest,
en	to make clene
en	sea and
en	paynted colours
en	as it acordeþ
en	grosse
en	and to doe it, that
en	be don a way
en	first plants are
en	word concerning
en	hot bodies.
en	or a Method how to
en	the bloud,
en	and
en	And Care must be
en	protrusion of
en	euery moneth oones,
en	spoken before, and
en	Fever, the
en	Lungs is also
en	a less degree may
en	and fellows.
en	the
en	other
en	shall
en	in this wyse.
en	head Purge, also
en	hernia,
en	his own health,
en	power of the mynde
en	run
en	of a Fever, the
la	And if þou take þe
en	though
en	spotes
en	in
en	ony frut it
en	statement of
en	in two quarts of
en	at all to be
en	other
en	the heart, arteries,
en	moist
en	clene
en	other with
la	is nedeful þat þe
en	by
en	er che conseyue
en	And Care
en	as Rich,
en	the washing
en	deep wound in
en	ben with childe ore
la	þat ny3e rounde it
en	To guard
en	mitigate its
en	and synggyng
en	THe Small
en	as che
en	be contained in
en	ben sangweyne in
la	þe
en	or six months of
en	sufficeth, so
en	I graunt it is
en	first to require
en	or
en	that wyll lette gude
en	admirable head
en	with this
en	too well already)
en	other small
en	There
en	prepossest
en	hole in
en	and to render
en	fewe medecynes
en	under the signes
en	of Garden-Tansy,
en	unphysical reader
en	ONE handful of
en	That
en	the Intestines;
en	Tak aloen and stamp
en	and not broken.
en	dyed of
la	and þo þing
en	Arteries, and parts
en	or parts
en	to
en	parts put
en	distroith
en	is
en	stamp it and
en	fyer
en	of
en	much, that
en	well to
en	and keep it for
en	with hewynes in
en	membre of man
en	of this Essay;
en	may change
en	those whom
en	hit wol breke out,
en	sonne and
en	ys sayd
en	the planet
en	fulnesse unto the
en	many diseases, he
en	from the Head
en	Pox
en	drynk it w=t=
en	ladyes
en	And having
en	potabilis and hit
en	his windpipe,
en	beseged w=t=
en	would
en	alle
en	power
en	a
en	within the
en	is Man wher of is
en	stampe hem
en	make
en	unto
la	at þe preier of
en	to dispossesse them
la	3ef þe seek
en	calls the
en	I
en	ys made in
en	There being not so
en	hot
en	having a deep wound
en	are ruptured
la	þat þey be of
en	It
en	or Strong
en	the eyes, if the
en	wher of is þi
en	the
en	betonye on
en	Disease, the
en	is meant a tumor
en	and accornys
en	corruption, which
en	bren
en	other with any
en	to the perfection of
en	mentioned
en	by a
en	rest, and þey hafe
en	The body of a man
la	place þat þe seed
en	in Embers
en	I desire your
en	months ago I
en	on what
en	of this water, and
en	way of
en	to be examined for
en	should
en	patients
en	it,
en	of women
en	us to averre
en	is helyd or cured
en	it,
en	especially box who
en	already) what
en	disease is knowne
la	þe rygge
en	an
la	seek wyþ
en	hote metys and
en	or Mace adding
en	alone sufficient
en	it is the
en	to
en	I feare it will bee
en	all thy body,
en	and flours been
en	þis purgacyoun
en	man
en	Blode is
en	to me
en	Man
en	and
en	five or six months
en	right side,
en	hare,
en	son
en	it will be
en	of
en	without question
en	sayd as
en	wyl y=e= telle by &
en	the college;
en	of nervale
en	neadeth
en	For the same.
en	few drops
en	and of vnpower to
en	the chilosity of
en	bowyd
en	the Air we
en	some
en	a Child which had an
en	taken not
en	that thou write to
en	with
en	paine of distention.
en	Strong Ale.
en	of that
la	þat
en	it
en	a
en	be wrang,
la	þe fader and
en	month
en	saucefleme; and
en	may
en	poor
en	y=e=
en	local
en	and dry
en	sad
en	of clisteries, if
la	þei
en	al thes
en	hem to
en	the eyes,
en	Who so
en	shell wax
en	first
en	Quene
en	vomites wylt
en	tyl halfe be
en	is the make;
en	women to be much
en	all hot
en	hit is
en	or six
en	for ordinary Dyet.
en	knawe the vaynes
en	a great accident
en	w=t= i~ne, Betonye
en	certain wheals or
en	a few drops of
en	a
en	that
en	che purge
en	way in þe
en	is hot and dry
en	out of whom I took
en	and flegm,
en	discovery of
en	Physicians can
en	influence Nature has
en	to
en	this I
en	nowe helyth the
en	of
en	inward
en	of
en	and accornys of
en	months of their
en	require our
en	The body
en	judgment, not only
en	vulgar
en	hathe the
en	practice, and be
en	bedene Yat
en	to
en	and take
en	broken out,
en	Gout is
la	et oþer sekenesse to
en	about 10 Gallons of
en	are males.
en	so
la	Al bowyd is þe rygge
en	body,
en	sharpe and
en	Sulphur, of
la	þereof
en	to the
en	By it passeth all
en	which
en	It
en	in
en	chilosity of the
en	only with
en	fulnesse
en	and arteries procure
en	&~ vse
en	and irksome to
en	in this I am more
la	þis medicine til
en	anthepasyn ys
en	3e, And mony other
en	on but the
en	wyll be gyn~e Y=t=
en	y3en.
en	che purge er che
en	And
en	only
en	ayleth, and what
la	þat þe science
en	keep it for use.
en	lechys bedene
en	a
en	at all to
en	borwyng I be
en	it is
la	wyþ hote
en	the stomack to the
en	one kind or another
en	those who are
en	alle maner notis
en	are of known
en	as
en	it
en	name of
en	the vaynes
en	Night.
en	what the
en	put downe their
en	a
en	first five
en	moneth
en	þingis, forwhi
en	known
en	so
en	to
en	for to be considered
la	acordeþ þe
en	of kynde and of þe
la	þe same essencion or
la	þou take þe mawe
en	hot and dry in
en	power of
en	yf the sekenes be
en	men, both yonge
en	lyuoun yn
en	it be wrang,
en	will bee
en	hem ony frut it
en	much,
en	and certain Rules,
en	that I
en	be
en	Puddle-dock
en	wylt hawe bote,
en	and shoes, and
en	yf the
en	in his neck near his
en	by the tide, having
en	or Mace adding a few
en	poores and issues
en	a Hydrops,
en	in
en	to fulfill
en	takis harme.
en	these with trachia
en	it
en	prepossest (by
en	to let blode
en	of a
en	hewynes
en	The part affected.
en	life, is
en	hard
en	hathe
en	and
en	is y seyd
en	with oyle of
en	it forth with
en	several other
en	of corruption,
en	helle and the grekys
en	all be dene.
en	And excuse me
en	redy.
en	ignorance)
en	giffen
en	the Body
en	it,
en	examined
en	and lyuoun
en	Poor
en	left hande for the
en	is the power
en	taste and are of
en	water, and to tell
en	malignity,
en	therefore
la	and þo þing with
en	by reason
en	Man wher of is
la	þe
en	he shalle
en	for
en	to averre a greater
en	box, and
en	of secret
en	shoes, and
en	from the stomack to
en	þey be of drye
en	many
en	whos
en	we were aware of;
en	I believe, the
la	þe place
en	is meant
en	and grateful to
en	lyfted
en	spoken before,
en	or
en	by observing
en	half a
en	of life of
en	of
en	of
en	hot and dry
en	pille, þei are mych
en	nature
en	& by As I fond
en	of o substance jwys
en	of
en	hit is so
en	and
en	every one may
la	þat be
en	continuing a certain
en	to resist
la	þis medicine til þou
en	what at any
en	are all
en	malignity, we
en	knawe the vaynes to
la	þe preier of
en	as hit is
en	protrusion
en	is seen to
en	fyer of helle and
en	that Nature cannot
en	probable that it
en	whereas the
en	a discovery
la	forwhi þei swelliþ,
en	trachia
en	telle by & by As
en	first five or six
en	a long
en	mater was hard
en	too
en	the iiij elementz
en	it sethe tyl halfe
en	Beneth,
en	it, and so
en	which
en	is y seyd by fore an
en	medicine til
la	þe stomak,
en	celidoyne whos
en	Involution
en	may
en	can discern (by
en	be
la	þe feolþe may renne
en	from the Head to the
en	which heareth,
en	vayne &
en	as Rich, to be
en	Sage, and twice
en	me a fewe
en	cavity of the
en	and comyn ana,
en	of
en	norysched
en	what is
en	mannys bodye,
en	10
en	to the
en	sutures of one kind
en	aside.
la	seek wyþ hote
en	a less
en	was
en	know
en	mesel,
en	this
en	made upon
en	name bar
en	For to make
en	of
en	it
en	hawe bote,
en	the
en	doth
en	Emaciated Creature,
en	observing, what at
en	and
en	gude men
en	caused of
en	of that opinion.
en	as much
en	blood that they
en	women
en	graduation, to
en	vulgar sort are
en	disease,
en	of ye kyng
en	any
en	Nutmegges, or Mace
en	it,
la	þe
en	that
en	perfection of
en	mych rest,
la	a way in þe face.
en	plants are
en	by a long and
en	and easy to
en	strang.
en	worth while for me
en	all the infants
en	and bren it alto
en	or helyng schal be
la	þat þe
en	and there passeth
en	all hot and dry
en	mater
en	for plente of
en	this
en	rygge
la	aftre þe maistrie of
en	it
en	be
en	Poor as Rich, to
en	a man was
en	general, and on
en	as che purgis
en	the poores
en	under
en	that we can find, it
en	of humors,
en	stamp
en	THE vulgar
en	a
en	in almost every
en	it and do it
en	the
en	þe significacions of
en	into
en	stomack to
en	if it be wrang,
en	on the left;
en	Þis is kynde makyng
en	the
en	day
en	Y=t= in borwyng I
en	I
en	are found necessary,
en	norechyd on hem ony
en	water,
en	the thing, and
la	þe vysage, þer hit
en	a comparative
en	of
en	and in this
en	hit ys made
en	strongly prepossest
en	forsayde pille, þei
la	þe sekenes so it is
en	such like
en	discovery
en	water
en	rarely
en	operation of
en	that are ruptured
en	what plan, it
en	if it be wrang, And
en	Disease
en	all be
en	helyng
en	six months of their
la	syx dayes, þat þe
en	of;
en	every large
en	auansed and
en	eares be
en	the for charite that
en	the Members,
en	whom
en	and
en	decide, in an affair
en	meat,
en	in thoght;For
en	of
en	the
en	of the licentiates
en	spirits
en	very much
en	fond wrety~ in abok,
en	as well
en	hote metys
en	powdere, medell þe
en	and what
en	anoynte hit, as hit
en	amongst other
en	the
en	Also the Gout
en	safe
en	plente of
en	wher
en	accident of a Fever,
la	mouþe
en	it be wrang, And
en	stampe hem to
en	be cleare and
en	and Heart,
en	to
en	& beseged w=t=
en	clene, Who so
en	hit ys made in this
en	or helyng schal
en	leuer takis harme.
en	by
en	and light,
en	before we were
la	and þe sonne and
en	graunt it is the
en	windpipe, besides
en	hy~ w=t= i~ne,
en	the
en	thyrde
en	for admission
en	grosse humour, i~
en	is
en	and
en	Mace
en	That
en	Take
en	bowen inward with a
en	shell and Saffron
en	entirely aside.
en	is y seyd by
en	life of these
en	This suture is
en	man or
en	of it, yet
en	what to increase
en	ana,
en	of local
en	In
la	þe rygge so þat ny3e
en	troubled
en	stampe hem
en	to attend
en	mest.
en	hard & strang.
en	seen
en	and alle maner notis
en	repleat unto
en	may cause
en	on hym bere Fro
en	of
en	gives
en	it will
en	yolk, and fill
en	and beth vnkonnyng
en	we breathe in may
en	is seen to remove
en	haue
en	repleat unto the
en	so that I
en	planet Saturn
en	other lette
en	of Cloues
en	ben
en	I haue
en	and
en	the belly.
en	stomak, &~ vse
en	that
en	is mixed with
en	it w=t= water
en	whom good
en	charite
en	we
en	the yolk,
en	guard
en	about
en	as Rich, to
en	four or five
en	hathe the mynde
en	the
en	beyng of kynde and
en	of goldyn colour,
en	hath
en	them
en	mynde his
en	is þi
en	comfort, keeping the
en	to
en	þing with which
en	He is A vayne of
en	eat
en	it wyll hy~ were.
en	ley
en	the shell
en	of the Intestines;
en	also
en	by way of
en	better qualified to
en	much of the Breast
en	how to
en	shirt,
en	that Physicians can
en	and laboure muche.
en	but
en	Nutmegges, or
en	though nature
en	the
en	furst boke.
en	be stopped
en	euery
en	hit
en	mouþe and alsone he
en	having thus saluted
en	Some vaynes, vse
en	Also
en	and
en	fyer and the
en	eyes, if
en	with
en	so driveth it
en	is the purport of
en	sad & soleynge with
en	us to
en	are under the signes
en	medell þe
en	in a galown of
en	and
en	purgis che is
en	whom
en	his kynde for plente
en	cannot
en	than before we
en	of good
en	to
en	upon it, both
en	Vulgar means, and
en	dock at Queen-hythe,
en	and ocupacyon in her
en	sere
en	it is nedeful þat
en	are
en	of so
en	wound, but
en	to mention to
en	to
en	craftes,
en	confirmed
en	Nero
en	the
en	to be under the
la	and þe holy
en	Who so betonye on
la	spotes et
en	Any of al thes may
en	it,
en	and 3ef þe
en	smell and taste and
en	matters to be seen,
en	thy body, in myddis
en	nobill fame;
en	is
en	Aboue
en	admirable
en	Essay;
en	stampe
en	made,
en	To knawe the vaynes
en	a stoke
en	as son as che
en	or another are found
en	make a
en	of
en	of distention,
en	such
en	opinion.
en	profitable to
en	water, and to
en	mony other lette 3e
en	excellent and safe
en	wyll hy~ were.
en	gain'd
en	be sick after meat,
en	do make
en	Brother I pray
en	near
en	though nature be not
en	within
en	And having thus
en	at any
en	whiche seeth, it is
en	sutures
en	the
en	forth,
en	encrease so much,
en	to be
en	stampe hem to
en	ayre be
en	borwyng
en	has over many
en	of helyng or curyng
en	lette
en	of
en	old, be
en	the right
en	schulde be norechyd
en	hard matter
en	Man,
en	an excellent
en	that too too well
en	Now, whatever
en	is nedeful
en	at
en	of o substance
en	be under the planet
en	so much as
en	Drink half a
en	be examined
en	Isofagus
en	the fourth degree,
en	all Things, that
en	Puddle-dock by the
en	collar of his
en	That clensen
en	Nature has over
la	times þe vysage, þer
en	good for þe
en	to be don
en	Pellicles
en	bear it, and
en	oones, but when þey
la	his mouþe
en	more confirmed
en	he
en	all
en	to make a good
en	the fyer of helle
en	a Method
en	is made, and
en	þryes
en	whiche seeth, it
en	do well
en	The filmes of
en	well
en	other lette 3e be.
en	mannys complexion.
en	she neadeth nothynge
en	in
en	bee
en	and of þe sekenes
en	it can best be
en	able
en	health, and life,
en	issues of the
en	som
en	and not
en	a
en	worth while
en	box
en	agret ladyes prest
en	be communicated to
en	Saffron;
en	all
en	the
en	all the chilosity
en	them of that
en	Betonye sothy~ yese
en	Ri3t
en	way of life of these
en	come
la	þe veynes I
en	gude
en	contrare pascions.
en	an affair of
en	Stomach.
en	and moyst in his
en	is
en	descending,
en	Saffron; roast the
en	substance
en	things,
en	bene
en	the thing, and to
en	the
en	of
en	heart,
en	at sea and land.
en	wound in his neck
en	so
en	at all to be auansed
en	parts
en	the Urine, saying,
en	the thing,
en	for
en	troubled with
en	because of rysyng
en	but likewise
la	þe sonne and
en	che is abele to
en	vayne
en	each a pound,
en	moyst in his
en	is of
la	In þe name
la	of þe sekenes so
la	þat þe
en	judge
en	or
en	that are
en	helyng schal be
en	lynseed and comyn
en	and safe Medicine
en	peculiarity of the
en	rhetoricians, or
en	always appeared
en	is kynde makyng of
en	been of
en	and ley to
la	þo þing with
en	it doth
en	should
en	small matters
en	me to
en	þi pryde ther
en	It is
en	is
en	side, and two on the
en	has taught to
en	in complexion ben
en	is the power
en	after
en	others
en	and to doe
en	THe Small Pox
en	be seen,
en	The true
en	bruises;
en	hot and
en	this water, and to
en	the skynne is bowen
en	paine
en	sethe tyl
en	to
la	take þe mawe of
en	what at any time
en	drops of oyle of
en	of blood
en	by reason of their
en	to
en	the first plants are
la	childe ore þat þey
en	the
en	and
en	also an
en	seems first
en	there passeth
en	vaynes wyth al
en	it
en	and moist in his
la	þe
en	writen
en	for to be
en	in this I am
en	with Remedies
en	Betonye sothy~
en	each a
en	therfor men
en	by observing that
la	to þe stomak, &~
en	the sick partie know
en	huyre hem
en	grieued part
en	Rules, or a Method
en	bee an hard
en	to digest,
en	After ix daies
en	into that Art:
en	and to
la	ore þat
en	I am
en	mawe of a sowkynge
en	to be examined
en	paines
en	and
en	hafe sens;
en	be able
en	divided
en	the shell
en	as instance they
en	all togedyr
en	free
en	deep wound in his
en	is y
en	wyne, and
en	i~
la	aftre þe maistrie
en	of the principal
en	for
en	Make apowdyr of
en	hem to
en	from faultes,
en	kind or
en	of the meat
en	could instance many
en	I graunt
en	then
en	some borowed and
en	and stamp
en	shall be
en	gedre,
en	she
en	of Fraunce, hir
en	whit
en	the sick partie
en	for nought
en	and Heart, which are
en	of
en	what to
en	þing with which it
en	curyng and
en	a stroke
en	and amongst
en	your opinion of
en	abele
en	He is A vayne
en	and dry
en	to
en	rounde
en	driveth it
en	to overload
la	of þe essencion
en	sick after meat, use
en	ys sayd as wer
en	or not, would
en	Let
en	and bren it
en	near his
en	virtues to comfort
en	man
en	with the bloud, and
en	not to overload
en	spirits and
en	and do
la	clisteries, if þe
en	fell into
en	if
en	and easy to digest,
en	wol breke out, as
en	Take
en	of ye
en	the bloud, and so
en	falleth into sekenes
en	ys made in this
en	a few drops of oyle
la	þat þe seed
en	distroith y=e=
en	attentively
en	may
en	hem
en	with some
en	hit, as hit is y
en	clensen men,
en	face.
en	and anoynte euery
en	stomack to the
en	instance many
en	sekenesse to be
en	to huyre
en	pray
en	and issues of the
en	purgacyoun euery
en	or curyng and þo
en	þat che purge er che
en	drinkys, and
en	not
en	both
en	out;
en	o
en	which curacioun
en	or
en	only with Saffron;
en	the licentiates and
en	all to
en	&
en	seen, not
en	if it be
en	o nyght and
la	þe seed
en	me
en	stopped &
en	and
en	render the
en	purge er che
en	and do it
en	tell me (though the
en	it, both at sea and
en	vital
en	that almost all the
en	Morning and Night.
en	upon it, both at
en	Ale.
en	frende Nero as
en	glandulus
en	by a
en	Take
en	of
en	and life,
en	know that
en	of
en	his mouþe and alsone
en	roast the shell
en	gain'd by
en	knowne by the
en	mouþe and alsone
en	be norechyd
en	It sufficeth,
en	saucefleme; and hit
en	breathe in may
la	þe name of þe
en	is
en	or to eat any
en	what is
la	of þe sekenes so it
en	an excellent and
en	because of
en	or descent, is meant
la	ley to þe stomak,
en	in general, and
en	may contribute
en	bloud, and so
en	it
en	those that
en	At
en	ther is
en	y=e= fe all
en	&
en	to
en	to me
la	it acordeþ þe
en	any time gives
en	judge of medical
en	and Arteries,
en	at Queen-hythe,
en	roast the shell and
en	I
en	it is Man wher of is
en	of
la	þei swelliþ, and
en	make
en	sharpe and irksome
en	thes may change
en	hit ys made in
en	poudre with þe
en	and
en	breke out,
en	women to
en	and drinkys,
en	lepner
en	white,
en	and fill the shell
en	to be the
en	signes Cancer
en	lette 3e be.
en	mynde which heareth,
en	Clothes, be avoided;
en	with Pannicles,
en	an
en	of
en	moyst
en	so continuing a
en	sufficeth, so that
en	And vaynes wyth
en	not
en	and was drowned.
en	medcyne nowe
en	To knawe the
en	It distroith y=e= fe
en	Ligaments,
en	over many diseases,
en	hit were a mesel,
en	delineating all the
en	by & by
en	Emaciated
en	in perchemyn:
en	helyng
en	should naturally be
en	fourth degree, both
en	on clysters.
en	Child which had
en	y=e= fe
en	Persons, as well
en	and Saffron
en	power of the
en	fyer of helle
en	accident of a
en	on hem ony frut it
en	of rysyng
en	falling down
la	daies þer nature
en	or curyng and
en	the
en	schal be
en	day þryes or
la	redy þe
en	fond wrety~
en	me (though the
en	sekenes so it
en	was
en	what the partie
la	þo
en	write
en	heareth, but yet
en	This was writen
en	propriety
en	over many
en	Item centauriam in
en	in
en	et
en	fac coronam
en	scabiem pustulas
en	Deinde commedat
en	pili
la	ad omne quod est
en	dolorem
en	si taga sit sana,
en	et infirmus
en	terrestrem tere
en	rutam, erbam
en	est
en	modo
en	fluit
en	dolore in
en	potuque modus
en	sale trita
en	dolores: Folia
en	pannum et
en	frigiditatis
en	evulsi.
en	pedes
en	etate lune
en	valent,
en	mitre .ii., cere
en	enim datus scabiem
en	Tertia frigida
la	Patrem et Filium et
en	dolorem tollit.
en	capud infirmi
en	Dragancia femina
en	est
en	et
en	cibo potuque
en	esto michi pcco~ri
en	extrahunt
en	triduum ipsam herbam
en	et si absens
en	Quartus gradus
en	et si
en	me_ra,
en	his fiat
la	dicitur esse
en	de igne ut frigeat
en	Vt ignis
en	Liber
en	inter carnem & cutem
en	ad interficiendum
en	sanabit
en	usque
en	lacte
en	contra omnes
en	si testa
en	in vino coctam
en	et cum ea
la	aures et
en	hec omnia in vino
en	.ii., de
en	vertiginem:
en	furno hoc modo.
en	simul & anfert
en	lingni
en	non
en	ceram
en	barba
en	ab occulo
en	modo.
la	etas lune calida est
en	inpone broceam
en	ab infirmitate fine
la	De etate
en	nome~ dm~ inuocabo.
en	esse
en	videatur.
en	famulo
en	acerimo
la	erbarum et coque
en	&
la	debet esse
en	D~ne ihu~ xp~e
en	liber uricrisiarum,
en	radicem
en	Jus
en	circa collum
en	Unaquaque
en	dicitur
en	et
en	de
en	Deus p~pici~
en	Item oleo facto de
en	trita ossa illisa
en	ihu~ xp~e
en	super locum sine
en	qualiter visus
en	Cu~
en	in aceto et
en	corrumpant
en	vulnerato inposita
en	et in hora mortis
la	plantaginem et
en	Hic
en	si
la	duos et
en	saniorem aurem
en	qualibet
en	cum
en	urina propria
en	Lucos, &c.
en	fine ad
la	Quo dicto et si
en	ad terciam diem.
en	priusquam in coctura
la	filius est vita
la	huiusmodi passionem
en	Grana Angelica,
en	et appone
en	fetorem
en	abrotanum
en	lyngnum
en	Humores superflues
en	puluis subliss.
en	sanctus + Christus
en	etate lune quando
en	lardi a linthe
en	sic disstringe venas
en	Agrimoniam cum
en	olei libri .vi.,
en	diem
la	item acerimo aceto
en	et cum eo
en	Christus imperat.
en	fac unum
en	excoriatam, ossa
la	jure erbarum et
en	non inderisus
en	Christus vincit,
en	dicitur
en	clarifecant,
en	abibit'
en	ventum
en	per Patrem et
en	.ii.,
en	Spiritum Sanctum
en	et
en	archemeseam equo
en	in kaluris
en	per
en	de
en	plagam
en	fracta
en	vndas,
en	super
en	me
en	et
en	sulphuri
en	oleum
en	mutatur,
en	salem
en	coque simul in olla
en	unge pacientis.
en	molissime aceto
en	inde fac unum
en	sanguis
en	inpressis in
en	nervi gustabiles
en	mundum
la	ipso et fac
la	et est morbus
en	capiant vitium ni
en	ix
en	(prout
en	venas famuli tui
en	est.
en	Item contra omnes
en	disposicionis,
en	durabile
en	butiro
en	Christus regnat,
en	unum et
en	volo me emendare p~
la	oleo et aceto
en	in
en	aurem surdi
en	sine
en	sutus/ fallax/
en	furit, urbs
en	mitte in aures
la	coque et tempora
en	vivi &
en	medicamine,
en	In
en	et
en	surdi et
en	sindi
en	Explicit
en	terciam diem.
en	taga,
en	Deus meus, adiutor
en	aurem surdi et
en	ea
en	p~pici~
en	non est.
en	comune sapore coitus
en	et
en	spina.
en	In manus tuas d~ne
en	famulo tuo
en	Fenugrecum
en	vel in
en	aer,
en	vnam
en	homo dum salgia
en	ipso hiatu
en	furit, urbs rapitur,
en	agrimoniam
en	edere trita
en	Hoc fiet lassum, si
la	De etate lune
en	de illo pane
en	sacre
en	in hora mortis
en	abrotanum,
en	adiutor
en	omne quod
en	uvulae
en	detrusit ad vndas,
en	vivi & ignis exibit.
en	sua
en	Absterge, Domine,
en	debita nra~
en	Quid pro quo,
en	p. j.
en	p~pici~
en	plage
en	ad lepram
en	Pietas, Regnum,
en	qu
en	comune
en	omniam contra
en	aetate
en	coque in
en	et ab pane siliginis
en	sic adjungatur
en	ollam, oleum
en	suas putredinem
en	quod vocatur
en	suas amittunt:
en	et fac
en	Fumus terre
la	feniculi tere et
en	emendare p~ gra~q~
en	cum
en	in aceto et ita ter
en	Et
en	feniculi
en	qualibet
en	iruens
en	pone in
en	plenam
en	fuerit, da
en	herba pulmonis
en	in
en	et cum eo capud
en	cibo
en	uricrisiarum, primum
en	vino
en	pleno aque.
en	acrem et
en	tibi p~
en	Item
en	est
en	bibe.
en	melle
en	hiatu
la	subfumigetur et
en	agios + agios
la	tange et pili
en	.ii., olei
en	radice
en	vivae &
en	toti
en	facto
la	feniculi tere et cum
en	fluit in
en	et ita ter
en	Angelica,
en	ponatur in furno
en	&
en	Ex his fiat
en	nervi petrosi
en	calida
en	fracta cum nuce:
en	ad omne
en	menta & granum
en	ignem in
en	ne
en	juncturas suas
en	erbarum
en	tuo
en	et locum vulneris
la	tange et
la	+ agios + agios +
en	aquas:
en	in
la	playstrum et appone
en	Hic sutus/
en	Pone in aquam testam
en	ab omnibus
en	tange
en	collige
en	ligatam
en	gradus
en	aquæ.
en	michi
en	sanctus +
en	et
en	dicitur
en	et non
en	siliginis
la	pri~s et filij &
en	& debes
en	vocem
la	facias per diem vel
en	taga sit
en	sua
en	et
en	Pro
en	nimio dolore
en	Pro passione
en	in
en	caliditatis/ tunc
en	Item seledonia cum
en	intret de
en	sume, jus
en	Ignis ardens
en	cum eo
en	salgiam, ederam
la	Jordanis quando
en	lava
en	acetum, set
en	Item si capud
en	vocatur apegalle.
en	in mortario
en	capite
en	parte lingni et
la	est quando habeat
la	caliditatis est
en	syropis
en	maioribus
en	cum
en	mutatur, plebs
en	gradu.
la	unum et caveat hiis
en	loco corporis:
la	De etate lune quando
en	Aemilianum
en	barba vel Johannis
en	& mundus
en	tibi
en	stomaco vel alios
en	et vinum misse
en	collige in
la	et butiro et oleo et
la	tu~c dicitur esse
en	optime
en	alios
en	corpus,
en	centauriam in vino
en	et distempera cum
la	dicitur esse
en	equis,
en	angwillam et
en	ferat.
en	et cum eo
en	pro
en	coque simul
en	in
en	tolle
en	ihu~ redemisti nos
en	super colles
en	qua~do habeat vnam
en	set
la	medicinæ talis
en	Tertius gradus
en	In
en	Sic tua
la	Aemilianum cæcum
en	oleo coque
en	mensura
en	trecentesimo
en	Hoc
en	et
en	'vincat opus
en	et
en	ouo prognatus codem,
en	super
en	libri
en	&
en	res habeat vna~
en	ouo prognatus
en	tertio gradu.
la	vt vita est,
en	betam viridem
en	et oleum
la	cum sale et
en	naribus adveniat
en	vnam
en	coccliaria
la	vino quiesse
en	&
en	de ipso et
la	oleo coque et cum
en	cum ea lava
la	Gratia dei maior
en	et cum bene biberit
en	potuque modus sit,
en	Et modo incipit
en	confortant cerebrum,
la	liquefactum fuerit,
en	equo
en	cum jejunare
en	tolle illud
en	radix
en	vervene
en	desiccat
en	tuas d~ne co~mendo
en	dimittim~ debitorib~
en	mensuram
en	debes non
en	gaudet equis,
en	calida in tertio
en	de Burdegalia editus
en	disstringe
en	infirmitate fine ad
en	albumine
en	hec
en	.ii., de mitre .ii.,
en	eiusmodi
la	butiro et oleo
en	sume recentem
en	esse ad
en	vt
la	ventum depellunt,
en	rutam, abrotanum,
en	'humlock',
la	coque et
en	colles pedes
en	jure erbarum
en	preciosa
en	aere sed
en	Ebrius hausit
en	mundificant,
en	sicca.
en	furno, pone in forti
en	Bibe
en	editus contra
en	condicionibus
en	gra~q~ tua~ Miserere
en	calcis
en	hostia~
en	et si
en	circum
en	a lardo
en	anfert
la	de jure erbarum et
en	fermentatum
en	Carmen ad fluxum
en	dolorem aurium.
en	sine
en	claru~ vespere.
en	facialis preciosa
en	videtur
la	furno et iterum
en	betoniam et
en	Item
en	eo capud
en	ne sanies
en	Item ruta trita
en	et
en	anglice
en	agrimoniam et
en	qu firment me_ra,
en	extendat.
en	vires, fessaque
en	linthe juxta
la	primam puta esse
en	debet poni super
en	Patrem et
en	Quarta
en	gradibus siccitatis
en	sit, nec olens
en	inundat Humores
en	de Caritate.
en	humoris inter
en	ab hoste
en	Postea
en	et capiti vulnerato
en	in orto?
en	sine pilis,
en	tu~c
en	clarificandam
en	et priuilegio
en	labile corpus,
la	mixtum cum oleo et
en	fuscum
la	alios vermes:
en	caret alterna requie
en	Hinc stygias
en	planetarum
en	nares unge
en	super
en	bibe.
en	predictis
en	laudis.
en	et item
en	pondere,
en	infirmum est labile
la	sua subfumigetur et
en	Item ad
en	et pili
en	palme & debet
en	peste fame
en	erbam
en	Pro
en	ad
en	mitte
en	Cerebri
en	Succum edere mixtum
en	plagam capitis
en	fumigan communibus
en	sanguis ponatur
en	Lucrum,
en	plaistrum cum
en	mitte in aures et
en	Postea
en	mvnius
en	vel
en	rutam,
en	testa
en	alio loco corporis:
en	oleum
en	octo
en	ut
en	firment
en	esse calida
en	Astutus/
en	viride lyngnum
en	& caliditatis
en	p~pici~ esto m~
en	absens
en	amittunt:
en	Item ad
en	natans hoc modo
en	et sic mundatum
en	ad narez
en	voluptas.
en	juniperii simul &
en	coronam
en	cum ardet
en	ut odor intret de
la	quando Christus
en	plaistrum cum lino
la	putredinem extendat.
en	oculis
en	folia vervene
en	taga sit sana,
en	inter
en	ossibus inpressis in
la	gradus siccitatis &
la	curabilis est.
en	esse
la	omne quod est
en	Accipe rutam,
en	non illa
en	aceto ad
la	canis inunge et non
en	mellis.
en	terrae
en	draconis p. j.
en	gradu.
la	vel duos et item
en	sancti
en	debes
la	gratia et priuilegio
en	hec omnia
en	Hoc fiet
en	super aquam & sine
en	lingni et
en	Sequitur de
en	despumate
en	in aures
la	paciens de illo pane
la	frigiditatis et
en	et sic adjungatur
en	respirationis
en	suas
en	et coque simul in
en	intermittere curam,
en	animalibus
en	illisa extrahunt ex
la	ipso et fac coronam
en	Iacea alba
en	disstringe venas
en	ita ter
la	melle et
en	trita ossa
en	fumus terrae in
en	cere .ii.,
en	lassum, si
la	qualitas uvulae et
en	stygias detrusit ad
en	set si
la	cum sale et melle
la	In noi~e pri~s et
en	molissime aceto et
en	super
en	Si nucem poterit
en	urbs rapitur, Seuit
en	kaluris sub
en	de (missione)
en	tunc tolle de
en	in forti
en	coque
la	ac vulneri et cum
en	venenum
en	expelle ossa
en	forti aceto et
en	In manus tuas
en	aliquo vase locato
en	caliditatis sciendum
la	facias per diem
la	quando habeat vnam
en	eo capud
en	aliquo
en	qui
en	mortis
en	Tere agrimoniam
en	ab
en	appensa
en	Item
en	Pro le scaldynge
en	aliqua res
en	nos in sanguine
en	19rb\]
en	tua~ Miserere mei
en	volans in aere
en	minta
en	cum
en	cognosco me grauiter
en	et vocem
en	in aqua coque
en	inpone broceam usque
en	exeat
la	+ agios + agios +
en	et
en	est homo
en	primus liber de
en	humida.
en	nra~ sicut
en	capita mundant.
en	nome~ dm~
en	in mortario tere
en	Incipit
en	+ agios
en	est morbus
la	bene tritam et cum
en	dicitur fumus terrae
la	cum aliqua res
en	purgat Juniperus
en	p~tege.
en	est mensuram ponere
en	caliditatis/
en	sit
en	de aceto,
en	et
en	volans in aere sed
en	simul in olla ad
en	in capite: Bibe
en	pri~s
en	et cum
en	pili nuncquam
en	et sicca.
en	coctura
en	ignis
en	radicem feniculi
en	tunc
la	Hæc
en	vel ad lepram
en	sis famulo
la	inponatur et sic
en	ad spissitudinem
la	et Filium et
la	tere et cum eo
en	sanat.
en	humoris
la	Infectus neque sit,
en	Olibani p. ij.
en	fac
en	super
en	palme &
en	commedat paciens
en	sulphuri vivi
en	herbam circa collum
en	letiferum
en	frangere vel nodum
en	pixide
en	Mors, Pietas,
en	Pro ossibus fractis
en	cum radice sua
en	Sanctum ne
en	spiritus sanctus
en	fluvium Jordanis
en	cressent pili
en	p~
en	Seuit mare,
en	nichil bibat nisi
en	Sanctum ne hic
en	De humana natura.
la	sanguinem collige in
en	natans hoc
en	domini
en	ovi
en	qualiter
en	sit
en	infirmi infunde
en	regnat, Christus
en	abrotanum bibat
en	pone in forti aceto
en	co~tine~tia
en	circa
en	quod est mensuram
en	unge
en	sit sana,
en	.ii., cere .ii.,
en	In primis
en	ungwentum fuscum
en	crescit in orto?
en	alterna
la	in aqua et cum ea
en	ruta trita cum sale
en	Item
en	trita molissime
en	tertio
en	oleum inponatur
la	gutturis vel oris.
en	sanandum scabiem:
en	Resspice
en	et cum
la	aqua et cum ea lava
en	ame~.
en	in ollam, oleum
en	Angelicæ, Aloes
en	Item rutam et
en	creticus
en	cum melle
en	aquam & sine
la	et expelle ossa et
en	et
la	infirmum est
en	eloquenciam dant.
en	mundari,
en	et calidam
en	Angelicæ,
en	quousque coctum
en	p~
en	Pone in
en	viride
la	Hæc reuocat vires,
en	est
en	in primis:
en	et
en	vivi & ignis
en	in quarto gradu.
en	ad vitam,
la	frangit quicquid
en	partem capitis.
en	in aqua
en	ab
en	ullo medicamine,
la	per diem vel duos
en	barba vel
en	ederam
en	et
en	illud quod
en	fine ad
la	Temperantia est
en	sit rite habitabilis
en	gustabilem praestent
en	Grana Angelica, &c.
en	instet
en	in aceto et ita
en	Item
en	cum lacte
en	Item minta
en	cibo potuque modus
en	et expelle
en	ardebit super
en	fiet
en	Item
en	noi~e
en	sit
en	Septem grana
en	mea.
en	tune dicitur
la	tere et cum eo capud
en	ad
en	sed cauda debet
en	mundus sit rite
en	tu~c dicitur
en	colles
en	nec olens
en	Dies creticus vel
la	cauda debet esse
en	melle trita et
en	edere
la	frigiditatis et
en	voces:
en	Item
en	et capita
en	priuilegio a
en	in pixide
en	Accipe
en	est
en	pixide pone.
en	ne
en	Folia edere trita
en	Selidonia cum
en	moritur homo
en	vel
en	frangere
en	recuperant, visum
en	Juniperus
en	Item abrotanum
en	ab pane siliginis
en	+ Christus
en	Carmen ad
la	per Patrem et Filium
en	domini Millesimo
en	et
en	Parentes, Nati,
en	et ab omnibus
la	sua quemq~ voluptas.
en	colorem
en	sit taga, est
en	Et menta & granum
en	'Pede
en	celodonie .vi.,
la	testam oui plenam
en	Accipe
la	Diues inaccessos vbi
en	Ignis
en	Pro
en	et capiti calidam
en	sic
en	que liquefacta,
en	Pro
en	aquam &
la	.vi., quod priusquam
en	inter carnem &
en	extrahere illesis.
en	sine mensura
en	ad vitam, fine ad
la	pilis, et
la	gradus est quando
en	dubio
en	et
en	Castor gaudet
en	et
en	vivens
en	sanctus + sanctus
en	vita nusq~ decidat.
en	coniunctione
en	in
en	posteriori
en	de Secretis
en	quibus partibus
en	formicarum,
en	gingivas putridas
en	in saniorem aurem
en	sub
en	a
en	edere terrestris
en	in tertio gradu.
en	et nichil
en	exeat a furno, pone
la	simul et postea
en	fetorem anelitus
en	& sulphuri vivi
en	cum melle
en	curant,
en	Deus
en	calida.
en	et nares
en	tui
en	orto?
en	mentes
en	Parentes,
en	ab omnibus salcis.
en	coctura ponatur,
en	trita
en	.ii., cere
en	agios
la	mvnius palme & debet
en	folia
en	illiniatur.
en	Uxor, Mors, Pietas,
en	aurem
en	de
en	de
en	ut frigeat
en	in aquam testam
en	etas lune calida
en	capud
en	dolore quasi
Prediction array: [0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0]