en	me (though the
en	aqua
en	now
en	and to tell me
en	the lepner
en	stronger parts
en	will
en	of
en	months ago
en	not to
la	þou take þe mawe
en	few
en	much importance,
en	the
en	Al bowyd is þe
en	alto powdere,
en	are mych betture.
en	be norechyd on
en	delineating all the
en	excellent and safe
en	propriety of women
en	took about
en	metys and
en	veynes
en	Things, that
en	ago I
en	causes
en	al thes
en	of
en	was writen fro
en	answeres.
en	has
en	hot and
en	Isofagus
en	auansed and lyfted
en	sad
en	and to
en	for
en	all
en	it and
en	productive
en	we
la	þey ben
en	yet if any
en	and
en	we
en	keep it
en	And as son as che
en	To
en	the
en	elementz
en	hit
en	to gedre
en	the herbs are
en	power of the mynde
en	schulde be norechyd
en	in
en	certain
en	This has always
en	the smell of
en	is
en	downe their
en	has over many
en	thing, and to doe
en	ma~nys body
en	after meat,
en	wastyd.
en	Gyle
en	White-wine,
en	Breast
en	to be don a way
en	it sethe tyl halfe
en	principal
la	þer nature is
en	of ynglond, at þe
en	of
en	wound in his neck
en	against such
en	faultes,
en	letuse, and stampe
en	me
en	it will be soon
en	is
en	the lower,
en	and synggyng and
en	admirable
en	the meat
en	of Sope-Suds,
en	wol breke
en	whereas the
en	large wound, but
en	and take þereof
en	what
en	it, that
en	and anthepasyn ys
en	the principal causes
en	keeping
en	it, both at sea and
en	comfort,
en	boke.
en	The body
en	myddis the Arme;
en	by As I
en	the
en	what
en	enabled to
en	seyd by
en	and way
en	and on what plan, it
en	and
en	can discern (by
en	some other small
en	she neadeth nothynge
en	the
la	þe rygge so þat ny3e
en	drynk it w=t=
en	one word
en	to doe
en	neck
en	Al bowyd
en	mony other lette 3e
en	from the Head to
en	Also
en	of al thes
en	it,
en	Urine,
en	fyer and the fyer
en	al for
en	yn mych rest, and
en	is helyd or cured
en	it,
en	clene and
en	helyng schal be
en	other
en	with
en	sad &
en	and run forth,
en	many diseases,
en	rise to this
en	vse 3e,
en	of that
en	with
en	of a sowkynge
en	to
en	dock at
en	of their
en	the yolk,
en	þat þey be of drye
en	the
en	and hit ys
en	lette 3e
en	box
en	In the
en	pray the for charite
en	there that we can
en	the purport of
en	been of goldyn
en	Streets
en	fellows.
en	offending fulnesse
en	About 18
en	taught to be very
en	smell of
en	your opinion of
en	taste and
en	it is the power of
en	with hewynes in
en	hawe bote,
en	castes
en	those who are
en	comfort, keeping
en	AS sutures
en	with in
la	þes names
en	of the eares be
en	any thing
en	wol
la	his mouþe
en	al thes may change a
en	it in his
en	best be conducted.
en	haue nowe tolde That
en	hy~ w=t=
en	All
en	the
en	should diligently
en	In the left hande
en	circumstances,
en	digest, and grateful
en	bar
en	in his kynde and
en	there that
en	are
en	thou write to
en	many vertewys
en	was
en	almost all
en	six months
en	to
en	of a man
en	women to
en	drowned.
la	syx dayes, þat þe
en	it,
en	it passeth all
en	the Sun, as being of
en	kyng of Fraunce, hir
en	knowne
en	term
en	help pore
en	moneth oones,
en	mater was hard &
en	Otherwiles
en	more, which
en	ma~nys
en	pore folk that
en	stampe hem to gedre,
en	saluted me,
en	naturally costive or
en	are without
en	rysyng
en	be auansed and
en	sethe tyl halfe be
en	oones, but when
en	in some by way
la	nedeful þat þe
en	sayd als I
en	all
en	of kynde and
en	doe it,
en	sothy~
en	hem ony frut it
en	to render the
en	BY the term
en	folk that
en	be don a
en	þi pryde ther is
en	rygge so
en	by a long and
en	or helyng schal
en	is none
en	þer hit
en	Þis is kynde
en	moyst
en	viz. three on
en	in his kynde
en	was
en	Take þe
en	gyn~e
en	Fever, the which
en	of the
en	knawe
en	break
en	with the bloud,
en	hote metys and
en	abele þat che purge
en	it, that every one
en	the conception,
en	seems
en	faultes, That
en	gedre wel, and
en	are
la	þey hafe
en	to
en	an Egge, make a hole
en	parts
en	and keep it
en	removed; our Houses,
en	worth while for me
en	mannys bodye,
en	of the subordinate,
en	the Foot.
en	The body of a
en	bere Fro
en	commonly
en	forth, and many
en	the stomack to
en	Experience has
en	from
en	essencion
en	and two on the
la	þe seed sal ly
en	which
en	patients
en	hool.
en	in every large
la	and þe
la	swete þingis, forwhi
en	unto the lower,
en	of whit wyne, and
en	þe mawe of a
en	yonge & olde.
en	calfe and bren it
en	daies together,
en	of helle and the
en	well
en	entirely aside.
en	not
en	untill the shell wax
en	what at
en	hot and moyst in his
en	liues
en	is the
en	or parts which
en	it be
en	a long and
en	frute and flours
en	the influence
en	a stoke repleat unto
en	be gyn~e
en	kept clean;
la	redy þe
en	top of it, take out
en	by
en	soleynge
en	be stopped &
en	light, & free from
en	Take green Vitriol
en	from the
en	with the
en	to prove, that
en	mouþe and alsone
en	Disease
en	strongly
la	at þe preier of
la	þe veynes
en	thoght;For
en	to
en	I believe, the
en	betonye on hym bere
en	that too
en	in.
en	smell and taste
en	Gout
en	Gyle ys
en	small matters to
la	of þe
en	hem sylfen
en	spoken
en	of
en	amplificacions.
en	his shirt,
en	essencion
en	a stoke
en	of
en	and easy to digest,
en	who
en	tyl halfe be wastyd.
en	This is good for
en	so much as one word
en	dry in the fourth
en	any
en	&
en	in the washing of
en	body clene, Who so
en	Nature has
en	the
en	Mace adding a
en	digest,
en	the which
en	of vnpower to
en	made by
en	only in
en	the Lungs passeth
en	of
en	and the fyer of
en	by considering
en	passages
en	fewe medecynes
en	to averre a greater
en	schal be giffen for
en	doth continue four
en	is A
en	to be
en	as much Sage, and
en	Pannicles,
en	first plants are
en	which
en	the iiij
en	operation, than
en	under the signes
en	of his shirt, and
en	may
en	two on the
en	wounds and
en	doth continue
en	disease, what is
en	it
en	as che purgis che
en	of the Sun, as being
en	plente of blood that
en	AS sutures of one
en	or parts
en	or Mace adding
en	was
en	with Remedies
en	harme.
en	and easy
en	anoynte euery day
en	of so much
la	and 3ef þe seek
en	fell into the dock
en	writen fro
en	a tumor produced
en	full of
en	when hit is so
en	that she
en	rebukes of
en	hafe it
en	I pray the for
en	paine of
en	ago
en	may change a
en	thes
en	warme.
en	them of that
en	be
en	them
en	and dry
en	top
en	to the Foot.
la	pille, þei
en	plan, it can
en	another are found
en	wyll
en	make clene and redy
en	were a
en	profyt
en	wrang, And excuse me
en	saluted me, presents
en	to helpe hem
en	adding a few
en	but
en	to take it
en	it can best be
en	the which is
en	In equity, by a
en	laid entirely
en	3if y=u=
en	Alle
en	hande for the mylte;
en	age, with many
en	is an
en	the gullet, with
en	is
en	could
en	better qualified
en	voyd
en	glandulus flesh
en	goldyn
en	roast the shell
en	the mynde his power.
en	sharpe
en	which
la	þe feolþe
en	hard
en	herbe celidoyne whos
en	of the braine are
en	is
en	a greife
en	or Mace adding a few
en	and in
en	curacioun or helyng
en	nothing on
la	clisteries, if þe
en	partie
en	of
en	iiij elementz aftre
en	Fro wykked
en	prest
en	but the
en	out, anoynte hit,
en	disease
en	forgif
en	driveth it forth
en	vayne & al
en	grekys fyer
en	charite that
en	upon
en	a Method how to
en	frend, for the mater
en	and to resist
en	and what
la	of þe essencion or
en	ben with
en	and
en	a
en	add to
en	long and
en	the left;
en	the Head
en	al 3owre
en	be giffen for
en	of
en	decide, in an
en	be considered
en	is þi pryde ther is
en	hare, or of a
en	be taken
en	be wholesome, all
en	the
en	word concerning
en	under the planet
en	it, take out
en	betture.
en	to remove
en	Make
en	the term
en	it is Man wher of
en	reason
en	ore
en	gost; and
en	wel, and 3ef þe
en	seyd by fore
en	curacioun or
en	fe all
en	this,
en	being of a good
en	sayd as
en	other
en	Vulgar means,
en	sekenes and beth
en	profyt abele
en	of vnpower to huyre
en	mony other
en	body clene,
en	Isofagus of
en	that
en	it is profyt
la	vse þis medicine til
en	shell
en	a discovery
en	thy body, in myddis
en	them
en	the top of
en	that every
en	and light, & free
en	break and
en	delineating all
en	Drink half a pint
en	dispossesse them
en	of other
en	Lye, in the
en	to mention
en	the
en	importance, the
en	medcyne nowe
en	me
en	faultes, That come
la	of þe sekenes so it
en	will
en	sufficeth, so that I
en	of their life, are
en	And
en	is the power
en	all Persons, as
en	the
en	lette
en	wyth al 3owre liues
en	nowe helyth
en	discern (by the
en	delusions, and
en	hem to
en	and so driveth it
en	and the yolk, and
en	reason of their
en	hit
en	that it will
en	Man wher of is þi
en	smell and taste and
en	of their ignorance)
en	broken
en	aqua potabilis and
en	understand it.
en	Method how to
en	schulde be
en	ys made by antepasyn
en	inveterat,
en	and bren it
en	clensen men, both
en	but
en	partie know
en	it is probable
en	month ago a Child
en	me (though
en	be much seeing into
en	then cometh
en	clerkes and doctoris
en	too well
en	I feare it will
en	the white,
en	and what to increase
en	what the partie
en	gret name bar y=e=
en	Lungs
en	the heart,
en	unto
en	the
en	with
en	so much importance,
en	passeth Isofagus of
en	and
en	a Method how
en	add to the
en	wyne.
en	the
en	sperytis it
en	I hafe sens;
en	wound in his
en	che conseyue to
en	your
en	Cancer and Leo.
en	seruyse her
en	and to
en	it is
en	It
en	Some vaynes, vse 3e,
en	Being a discovery of
en	exercise, those
en	greater antiquity of
en	of
en	many vertewys hath
en	nothynge
en	the mater
en	calcin'd,
en	the top of it, take
en	opinion of
en	Art: and
en	be inveterat, i.e.,
en	hye
en	me if it
en	in the
en	as
en	than before
en	foure times
en	full of corruption,
en	seyunte Gyle ys
en	and
en	and
en	you
en	and doctoris
en	hot and dry in the
en	bere Fro wykked
en	also divided
la	þou
en	perfection
en	That clensen
en	months
en	vnpower
en	an Egge,
en	þe preier of ye kyng
en	wyll lette
en	being
en	practised,
en	leuer takis harme.
en	fader and þe
en	or of a
en	the
en	is made,
en	wykked sperytis it
en	And mony other lette
en	This
en	and Lye, in
la	oþer sekenesse
en	physician, of
en	the iugglynge castes
en	what at any
en	pound,
en	Intestines; which, I
en	much
en	it, yet farther
en	the fellowship
en	and are
en	bladders full of
la	or þe connyng of þe
en	partie ayleth,
en	nature is of
en	I wyll be gyn~e
en	by &
en	and two
en	letuse,
en	And som hafe it
en	braine are very much
en	is yuel for
en	sonne and þe
en	ruptured
en	substance of the
en	power of
en	and taste and are of
en	general, and on
en	Houses, and Streets
en	it is
la	and þe holy gost;
en	that it will be soon
en	Sethe all togedyr in
en	of kynde and of
en	least paines
en	own health, and
en	Body of Man, exactly
en	and Heart, which are
en	Pox are caused of
en	anoynte hit, as hit
en	þe þings with which
en	be cleare
en	passeth Isofagus
en	of
en	(though the sick
en	Vitriol calcin'd,
en	be
en	sekenes
en	way of life of
en	substance of
la	þat
en	be considered of
en	of gret name bar
en	is of
en	of
en	ladyes
en	be stopped & beseged
en	his neck near
en	Alle maner swete
en	Arteries, and parts
la	þe fader and þe
en	and glandulus
en	daies
en	At betonye I wyll
en	and flegm, the which
en	Nero as it
en	kynde and of
en	plan, it can best be
en	beyng.
en	lette gude
en	Embers of
en	As I fond
en	clean;
en	matters to be seen,
en	contained in
en	forsayde
en	strang.
en	that
en	less
en	and whatever may
en	Who so
la	or þe
en	it and do it
en	to be
en	each a pound,
en	Night.
en	the
en	þat che purge er che
en	is the power of
en	herbe
en	to take it or
en	to the corruption
en	bee an hard matter
en	parts
en	much seeing into
en	so much, that Nature
en	thing,
en	any infirmitie take
en	of rysyng
en	redy
en	and
en	&
en	it will
en	it
en	so
en	exercise,
en	and hit wol
en	seeth, it
en	more confirmed
en	the
en	of the Body of Man,
en	clisteries, if
en	the
en	THe
en	by antepasyn when
en	haue.
en	instance many more,
en	is
en	stopped
en	and such like
en	some
la	as þei þat be of
en	whyte wyne.
en	paines are
en	which had
la	ley to þe stomak,
en	as son
en	thrown up
en	stamp it and
en	opinion of this
en	curyng and þo
en	body,
en	stamp it
en	sufficeth, so that
en	to gedre wel, and
en	to overload
en	stroke and
en	and glandulus flesh
en	is helyd or cured be
en	some
la	þe herbe
en	very much
en	power of the
en	neadeth nothynge
en	vinegre
en	the mynde which
en	vse
en	or beyng
en	up at
en	worth while for
en	few drops of oyle of
en	life of
la	þe
en	light,
en	wher of is þi pryde
en	accident
en	his
en	which commonly doth
en	&
en	bear it,
en	therfor men
en	and
en	of distention.
en	inveterat, i.e.,
en	with the bloud, and
en	both the first
en	þer nature is of o
en	as son as
la	dayes, þat þe feolþe
en	arteries
en	a less degree
en	are
en	full
en	and ocupacyon
en	3owre
en	Pellicles viz.
en	situation, and
en	redy.
en	iugglynge castes
en	to Quene Isabel of
en	health, and life,
en	which had an
en	aloen and stamp
en	sal
en	also divided into
en	is hot and
en	seeth, it is the
la	þe fader
en	eares
en	of the meat from the
en	good
en	is Man wher of is
en	in this I am
en	as
en	do well
la	ynglond, at þe
en	may
en	right
en	it passeth
en	which are under
en	mynde whiche
en	distention,
en	all to be
en	y=e= telle by &
en	a
en	I myght help
en	vayne of nobill
en	with þe forsayde
en	or Strong Ale.
en	humour,
en	practised, and it is
en	of
en	part or
la	þe poudre
en	whos
en	Betonye sothy~ yese
en	clene, Who
en	sick partie
en	comfort, keeping the
en	eat any thing but
en	minucion is made,
en	grateful
en	the subordinate, or
en	the jurisdiction of
en	of our own
en	be
en	the infants that are
en	Behind the Lungs
en	Liquor measured:
en	in the
en	to be don a
en	as instance
en	on what plan,
en	of it, take
en	is
en	the well
en	in the cavity of the
en	be
en	tendernesse, euen
en	good fortune
en	are under the signes
en	stoke
en	not only
en	for those who are
en	beseged w=t= any
en	or a Method how
en	of
en	to be the
en	at any
en	shell wax
en	the Lungs
en	prove, that every
en	hit
en	was drowned.
en	by & by
en	sekenesse to be
en	sperytis
en	daies will
en	if
en	to form
en	so
en	frut it is profyt
en	and Arteries,
en	the lepner and the
en	Morning and Night.
en	which Authors do
en	þis purgacyoun euery
en	arteria do make
en	four or
en	sowkyng calfe and
en	is hot and
en	necessary,
en	the
en	safe Medicine
en	plants are
en	much Sage, and
en	and
en	issues of
en	appeared to
en	all the chilosity
en	which are
en	the Body
en	Hydrops, out
en	pray
en	be considered of þe
en	this paine, which by
en	in the cavity of
en	other
en	of nervale
en	concerning
en	and
en	the patients
en	medecynes
en	complexioun and
en	thus much of the
en	may cause noisom
en	hem ony
en	taken not to
en	the
en	ben sangweyne
en	hot and
en	arteria
en	will bee an hard
en	euery day þryes or
la	In þe name of þe
en	it is profyt abele
en	washing of Clothes,
en	knawe the
en	This suture
en	borwyng I be tok
en	If you be sick after
en	that
en	not
en	the eyes,
en	and taste and
en	name of þe fader and
en	gullet,
en	first
en	being
en	dissected a poor
en	gedre
en	entitled,
en	clene and redy þe
en	which curacioun
en	it is nedeful þat
en	and all these with
en	whom I took about
en	and grateful
en	by the falling
en	to
en	increase or
en	and taste
en	from
en	life,
en	paine, which by
en	trachia arteria
en	be
en	is good for þe y3en.
en	it
en	ladyes prest Y=t= of
en	box who is
en	peculiarity
en	Strong Ale.
en	thyrde
en	helyng or curyng
en	nature be not alone
en	vse 3e, And mony
en	any grosse
en	dere frende Nero as
en	hande for
en	the
en	so that I shew the
en	Behind
en	with a great
en	ny3e rounde it
en	that I shew the
en	and be communicated
en	is also
en	the Air we breathe
en	paynted colours
en	of ynglond,
en	colour, and take
en	at any time gives
en	these
en	it, but likewise of
en	or another are
en	confirmed by
en	nought hathe
en	beth
en	hit ys
en	Intestines;
en	pryde ther is none
en	together, and
en	degree, both the
en	Isabel of
en	Being a discovery
en	Gyle ys for
en	they haue.
en	meant a tumor
en	of a Fever,
en	all
en	them well together,
en	day þryes or foure
en	able to form
en	or not, would
la	to þe
en	purgacyoun euery
en	on the left;
en	before we
en	membre of man
en	make a
en	every one may
en	wyl y=e= telle
en	has over
en	Drink for
en	che purge er che
en	fewe
en	barge-man
en	time gives rise
en	cleare
en	the vaynes to
en	comfort
en	hem
en	thing, and to
en	good fortune has
en	left hande for
en	treatise
en	adding
en	abok,
en	the shell
en	already) what
en	vayne & al for
en	to
en	be
en	signes Cancer
en	ago
en	vaynes wyth
en	Embers
en	while for
en	the
en	them well
en	and was
en	of the meat
en	&~ letuse, and
en	considering the
la	redy þe place
en	twice as
en	importance,
en	mynde whiche seeth,
en	corruption
en	i.e., old, be
en	essencion or
en	telle by
en	lyfted vp, other
en	Sodom.
en	ana, stampe
en	hit were a mesel,
en	shall be able
en	good smell and taste
en	Blode
en	I graunt it is the
en	Drink
en	Mace adding a few
en	reason of
en	an Involution of
en	planet
en	the signes
en	much Sage, and twice
en	Poor
en	washing
en	Take green
en	and on
en	tumor
en	of unimpeached
en	sage, box, and such
en	of
en	in
en	clene
en	of the licentiates
en	I be tok Of agret
en	by demonstrating
en	w=t= any
en	to
en	and stamp it and
en	the
en	is saucefleme;
en	Filth, and
en	who is
en	a
en	it,
en	hit,
en	substance jwys
en	swete
en	oyle
en	Mace adding
en	take it
en	while for me to
en	following
en	hir broþer.
en	at
en	of membre of man
en	measured:
en	The filmes of the
en	And thus much of the
en	of the thing, and to
en	her seruyse her blod
en	of vomites
en	Many þings bene
en	apply, as
en	Sethe all
en	is an admirable head
en	encrease so much,
en	shoes,
en	it wyll hy~ were.
en	and about a month
en	be seen, not
en	to make
en	ache seed,
en	the eares be stopped
en	mych rest, and þey
en	y=e=
en	make clene and
en	of each a
en	pint of this
la	þe
en	whom good
en	can find, it
en	be
en	the iiij elementz
en	passeth all
en	the Twisting of the
en	helyng
la	þei swelliþ,
en	yet
en	know
en	the left
en	the dominion of the
en	the unphysical
en	er che conseyue
en	the
en	the
en	influence Nature has
en	alle maner
en	do wrongfully
en	galown of
en	amongst
en	to me to
en	subordinate,
en	beat
la	þer
en	of betonye
en	any thing but
en	the
en	amongst other
en	the Arme;
en	the
en	Emaciated Creature,
en	is none jwys
en	the substance of
en	much
en	ayre be cleare and
en	the tide, having
en	keep it for
en	in
en	superfluous
en	daies
en	stroke and not
en	the
la	þe science or
la	þey
en	before we were
en	me to
en	bee an hard
la	All þe veynes
en	that
en	noght because of
en	ix
en	the
en	vulgar sort
en	appeared
en	doth encrease so
en	especially box
en	or bladders
en	and do it
en	has enabled to
en	all to
en	the
en	borwyng
la	þat
en	Make apowdyr of
en	advance or
en	kynde and therfor
en	considered
en	it is
en	clensen
en	myddis the
en	to form a
en	of
en	with Pannicles,
en	spotes
en	Saffron together, in
en	the Head to
la	þat ny3e
en	nowe tolde
en	prest Y=t=
en	vaynes, vse 3e, And
en	with
en	and Lye, in the
en	whiche seeth, it
en	well already) what
en	causes productive
en	with
en	Also the Gout
en	to
en	of the Sun, as
en	the
en	saying, Sir
en	hem to gedre, and
en	is
en	costive or
en	means, and calls the
en	eyes, if
en	out of
la	þe
en	hole in the top
en	it, and
en	of each
en	and irksome to
en	mawe of a sowkynge
en	to be seen,
en	holy gost; and write
en	I
en	& al for nought
en	flours been of
la	forwhi þei swelliþ,
en	claims
en	are without question
en	daies together, and
en	and
en	the Stomach, or
en	me if it be
en	daies will break and
en	be of hye
en	use
en	be
en	as hit is y
en	or
en	the disease, from
en	descent, is meant a
en	and it
en	fode, Some vaynes,
en	the fyer of
en	to
en	months of
en	cavity of
en	blode one.
en	ben hot and moist
en	issues of the
en	and ley
en	them of
en	I am more
en	you be sick after
en	a pound,
en	being
en	then
en	charite that thou
en	has enabled
en	þei are mych
en	al 3owre liues
en	of
en	as well
en	I am more confirmed
en	forsayde pille,
en	kepyth
en	Embers of Charcole,
en	cleare and light, &
en	people; and
en	can discern
en	is the power of the
en	for
en	Queen-hythe,
en	of life
en	fell into the
en	much
en	lepner and the fyer
en	Take an Egge, make
en	a Hydrops,
en	the sick partie know
la	ore þat þey be of
en	subject seems first
en	or cured be diuerse.
en	which
en	bene profitable to
en	the fellowship of
en	daies
en	fyer and the
la	þe name of þe fader
en	before
en	good smell
en	take out
en	it is
en	of the disease,
en	to take
en	and
en	of
en	AS
en	accornys of okis.
en	none jwys
en	this water, and
en	or six months of
en	at Queen-hythe,
en	spirits
en	muche.
en	these
en	be cleare and light,
en	a
en	not worth while for
en	helyng schal
en	all
en	a mannys complexion.
en	hem to gedre,
en	a mesel, and when
en	not
en	y seyd by fore an
la	to þe stomak, &~
en	the top of it,
en	true
en	for the
en	falling down or
en	and lyfted
en	Guts.
en	was hard
en	it is Man wher of is
en	hot
en	the infants that
en	mest.
en	þingis,
en	ys clepid amongyste
en	poores and issues of
en	kyng of
en	Saturn
en	what
en	which is mixed
en	for me to
en	and of vnpower to
en	in the top of
en	appeared to me to
en	bote,
en	hot and moyst in
en	another
en	me the Urine,
en	cured
en	in a
la	þe feolþe may renne
en	and synggyng
en	at all to
en	and obliges us to
en	is good
en	together,
en	half a pint of this
en	must be taken
en	Let it sethe tyl
en	men, both yonge
en	the Body of Man,
en	This
en	&
en	extraordinary warme.
en	to
en	gain'd by a long
en	matter to
en	reason of their
en	of this
en	of local study and
en	vysage,
en	would do
la	þe significacions
en	less degree
en	the circumstances,
en	not broken.
en	is seen to
en	to the perfection
la	and þey hafe
en	is meant
en	has enabled to take
en	mynde his
en	the first five
en	speke.
la	And 3yf þer
en	change
en	and
en	sea and
la	ore þat þey
en	a pound, beat them
en	that almost
en	the tide,
en	be
en	of man
en	moist in his
en	decide, in an affair
en	strong Ligaments,
la	þe name
en	I am sad &
en	euery
en	forth, and
en	be giffen for to
en	upper and
en	& free from
en	Head
en	of our own sex.
en	of the
en	had an Involution
en	any thing but what
en	unimpeached
en	thyrde water
en	shell
en	take the eyes, if
en	malignity,
la	and þo þing
en	the
en	sayd als I hafe
la	þe sonne
en	to
en	moneth oones, but
en	of the disease, from
en	it lengere as þei
en	lyuoun yn
en	stampe hem to
en	is hot
en	the Members,
en	seyd
en	that may advance or
en	be under the
en	residing
en	of drye
en	nothynge at all to
en	and
en	hit wol breke out,
en	and to render the
en	roast the shell and
en	with
en	wyll
en	was hard &
en	it is
la	þe seed
la	rygge so þat
en	may change
en	very dangerous;
en	at sea and land.
en	wyll
en	as instance they
la	rygge so þat ny3e
en	practice, and be
en	and
la	or foure times þe
en	of the
en	as much Sage,
en	run forth,
en	thovme is
en	Any of
en	of
en	this paine, which
en	the herbs
en	observations
en	Y=t= many
en	but
en	mention
en	the
en	helle and the grekys
la	if þou take þe
en	all Things, that
en	will bee an
en	to let blode
en	of the meat from
en	Also the well
en	hot and moist in
en	be
en	I wyll
en	at any time
en	þing with which it
en	shirt, and shoes,
en	Now, whatever
en	though nature be not
en	by
en	dry in
en	so broken
en	of wyrchyng for
en	sufficeth, so
en	the power of the
en	of o substance jwys
en	by a comparative
la	and þo þing with
la	aftre þe maistrie
en	is
en	admission into
en	ben hot and
en	of a good
en	iugglynge castes of
en	that Contagious
en	the power of the
en	che purgis che
en	it for
en	Egge, make a hole in
en	the
en	poudre with þe
la	3ef þe seek
en	true causes of
en	and
la	þe face.
en	all Persons,
en	has
en	vayne
en	that it
en	put
en	tell me (though the
en	or
en	falleth
en	will break
en	fyer of
en	it or not, would
en	BY the term rupture,
en	to
en	mater
en	Houses,
en	I be
en	another are
en	to be
en	that I feare it will
en	and fellows.
en	w=t= water
en	veynes I haue
en	bedene Yat kepyth
en	attention.
en	Therefore
en	as
en	in vase
en	dissolvatur
en	que dicitur
en	ingerit, egerit,
la	Quo dicto et si
en	in
en	detrusit ad vndas,
en	piperis, farine
la	et mitte in aures et
en	condicionibus
en	modo fit sicut
en	enim
en	per triduum
en	detrusit ad
en	'Virtutem
en	taga sit fracta cum
en	creticus vel
en	quod priusquam
en	debet
en	ouo
en	vel ad lepram
en	Item
en	Si plaga sit
en	despumate
en	coque
la	olens fætore cloacæ.
en	de
en	Humores superflues
en	in
en	capud inunge.
en	Aemilianum
en	siccate
en	et
en	corpus, Sic tua qu
en	tu
la	inponatur et sic
en	Angelica, &c.
en	pone super locum
en	et nichil bibat nisi
en	& sine dubio
en	gingivas
en	Pietas, Regnum,
en	at capitis
en	exeat a
en	Hic sutus/
la	ignem in aliquo vase
en	et cum
en	et indutum
en	famulo
en	et acrem
en	fracta sit taga,
en	aquam
en	pannum et
la	coque et cum eo
en	tertio
la	et cum eo capud et
en	sale trita ossa
en	abrotanum
en	de
en	simul in olla
en	infunde mane
en	modo.
en	et butiro
en	calcis vivae &
en	betoniam et
en	fac coronam
en	sit
en	in
en	inunge
en	pone
en	Sic
en	Experimentum si
en	sit jejunus.
en	+ agios +
en	adiutor
en	aurem surdi
en	renascentur.
en	desiccat vel
en	olla ad
en	a
en	opus verbum, minuit
en	Castor
en	valent, spiritum
en	Parisiensis
en	qualiter
en	Si nucem poterit
en	esse
en	frigida
en	iterum
en	remaneas
en	fracta
en	barba
en	creticus vel cretica
en	nos in sanguine
en	biberit de
en	quasi
la	sanabit vulnus.
en	tactabilis
en	in vino
en	ardebit
en	qualibet fractura
en	bene
en	vbi
en	caliditatis/
en	Sic sine
en	Item
en	Cernis vt ignauum
en	septem.
en	de (missione)
en	plaistrum cum lino
la	dicto et si absens
la	agios + agios +
en	et oleum et
en	fessaque
en	et oleo
en	et sanabit
en	vespere.
en	vbi pedere nolles.'
en	quod fluit
en	in ipso
en	lapidem frangunt,
en	gradus
en	ossibus fractis
la	condiendo simul et
en	ut
en	per
en	cum
en	sicud strinxsisti
en	amara passione tua.
en	frigeat
en	Secundus gradus
en	exeat de vase pleno
en	et vinum misse
en	et
en	Anno
en	et fac unum
en	quod est'
en	inter carnem
en	Inque cibo
en	volo me emendare p~
la	Unaquaque die iii.
en	in vino coctam et
en	Secundus
en	tune dimitte bullire
en	'flour-ben', siccate
en	super
en	mixta fronte
en	melle
en	succo inunge
la	et est
en	homo dum salgia
la	etas lune calida est
en	dum salgia crescit
en	.vi.,
en	appone.
en	in
en	et appone loco.
en	aqua
en	capitis.
en	de jure
en	Cu~ gratia et
en	caret
en	intervallo et
en	scabiem: Super
en	Item
en	Item
en	volans in aere sed
en	coctam
la	et aceto et nares
en	Super omniam
en	a
en	et melle
en	super colles
en	sol
en	in forti aceto et
la	qui bene
en	sanguinis:
en	qui
en	excoriatam, ossa
en	in aceto
en	et
en	Pro
en	subliss.
en	Sequitur de
en	et item acerimo
en	distempera cum
la	misse et calidum
en	Seuit mare, sol
en	extrahere
en	desiccat vel ad
en	'Ebrietas
en	edere terrestris
la	ullo medicamine, vel
en	celodonie .vi.,
en	Item rutam et
en	incipit de
en	fuscum:
la	& caliditatis est
en	granum juniperii
en	de
en	Ad sanandum scabiem:
en	planetarum
en	inposita
en	dicto
en	super
en	Ad deponendum telam
en	vnam
en	ab infirmitate fine
en	aquæ.
en	in aceto
en	iterum pone in
en	Regnum mutatur,
en	lintheo
en	in aliquo
en	est, infirmum
la	frigida et humida.
en	Parentes,
en	cum
en	domini
en	Tere agrimoniam
en	simul in olla ad
en	capitis profundam
la	pane et
en	marubii, jus
en	Item trifolium in
en	fumus
en	poni super
en	ne pili contrarii
en	p~pici~ esto
en	et
en	omnia in vino
la	aqua et cum ea lava
en	melle trita et
en	Et modo
en	Herba cruriatica
en	gra~q~ tua~
en	vna~ portionem
en	in capite: Bibe
en	Pro ossibus
en	capite vel in alio
en	radicem
en	Christus regnat,
en	veteri
en	Accipe rutam, erbam
en	in dorso vel spina.
en	aceto et
en	tibi p~ amara
en	sicca.
en	rapitur,
en	at capitis dolores:
en	scabiem pustulas a
en	passione gutturis
en	co~mendo
en	sit tibi p~ amara
la	est quando
en	Iacea nigra
en	a rege
en	tune dimitte
en	qualitas
en	ponatur in
en	mitre .ii., cere
en	Millia.
en	minta trita timpora
en	sic adjungatur
en	hec omnia in vino
en	et ab pane siliginis
en	gradus
la	Selidonia cum radice
en	et
en	coctura ponatur,
en	translacionem
la	et iterum coquatur.
en	operitur, Regnum
la	qualitas tactabilis
en	cum oleo
en	libri
en	ut
en	oleo
en	Selidonia
en	et Spiritum Sanctum
en	sed cauda
en	fronte
la	huiusmodi passionem
en	sanandum scabiem:
en	vita
en	draconis p.
en	dicitur 'humlock',
en	colles pedes vbi
en	die
en	gaudet
en	vivi & ignis
en	erbam jovis, que
en	coquatur.
en	acetum, set cum
en	et ab omnibus
en	juxta plage
en	baptizatus fuit,
en	longitudine
la	lune calida est
en	mundari, cum
en	tere
en	esto
en	commedat paciens de
la	ovi et condiendo
en	fiet lassum, si
en	in
en	de Caritate.
la	Prima etas lune
en	tibi p~
en	& natans hoc
en	Salus populi
en	calidum, ut
en	operitur,
en	fac unum playstrum
en	& cutem
en	Cernis vt
en	et albumine ovi
en	vel in alio
en	'vincat
en	et albumine ovi et
en	capitum, totidem
en	potuque
la	gradus est qua~do
en	filia Lucos,
en	ad fluxum
en	auxungia
en	ad mortem.
en	vbi pedere
en	sicca
en	studiorum
en	de urina
la	capitis qui
la	in furno et
en	in
en	quousque
en	sciunt,
la	sciunt, sed nemo
en	ne hic remaneas
en	et fac coronam
en	tunc tolle
en	in
en	per Patrem
la	butiro et oleo
en	terrestrem tere cum
en	non inderisus
la	tune dicitur esse
en	fiat
en	mitte
en	inde fac unum
en	etas lune
la	cum aliqua res
en	et cum eo
en	lava capud
en	Valetudo,
en	Ipse
en	capud videtur
en	In manus
en	Item
en	Item lacte canis
en	Hinc
en	avalitum
la	est homo sanus.
en	fame
en	stygias detrusit
en	oleum
en	que
en	ederam
en	Adiuro te,
la	tere cum melle et
en	Sic tua qu firment
en	egerit,
la	tere et salem et
en	est
en	sanctus + sanctus +
en	et nichil bibat
en	oleo et
en	toti
en	& granum
en	& sulphuri
en	contra venenum
en	ovi
en	purga
en	locato
en	ut frigeat sicque
la	illo pane et
en	aliqua res
en	dolore
en	carentibus appetitu.
la	playstrum et appone
en	sicut & nos
en	diem vel
en	alios
en	bonum
en	animalibus
en	radix plantaginis
en	cutanei.
en	et admisse favum
en	& sine
en	incipit
en	facto de
en	vita
en	quasi mentes suas
en	cibo potuque modus
en	ix confortant
en	Succum edere mixtum
en	aere
en	amittunt: Selidonia
la	et salem et oleum
la	ac vulneri et cum
en	plage
la	tere et cum
en	'Domine Deus
en	ne sanies
en	calida in
en	'Sicut ad omne quod
en	ad spissitudinem
en	habeat vnam partem
en	Mors
en	et cum ardet tolle
en	ungwentum
en	vulnera sanant
en	ardens super aquam
en	ne hic
en	extrahe et
en	Benefactaq;
en	radicem feniculi
en	cum sit jejunus.
en	volans in
en	De
en	modo incipit
la	et est morbus
en	tractatus
la	asspergatur, et sic
la	in aliquo vase
la	per diem vel duos et
en	quantitatem in
en	sic in ollam, oleum
en	poni super aquam &
en	neque
en	favum
en	a furno, pone in
en	super
en	et cum ea lava capud
en	p~pici~ esto michi
en	p~pici~
en	siccitatis
en	guttas
en	illini.
en	Fenugrecum
en	talis
en	usque ad terciam
en	ipsam herbam
en	in aere sed
en	albumine ovi et
en	et cum exeat
en	hic
la	agios + agios +
en	Pilulæ
en	et si absens sit,
la	gradus est quando
en	Lucos, &c.
la	plantaginem et
en	Vt ignis
en	pili
en	Pater nr~
la	cæcum consolatio
en	bene
en	duas
en	est.
en	curabitur
en	Ille sanguis
en	passione tua.
en	primum
en	suscipe.
la	subfumigetur et
en	tibi
en	fiet lassum, si te
en	oleo coque
en	exeat
en	exeat a furno,
en	et
en	probatum
en	bene degerit,
en	agios +
en	capite
en	Si
en	& ignis exibit.
la	locum vulneris tange
en	plantaginis collo
en	hoc modo fit sicut
en	plage quantitatem
en	inter
en	fine ad
en	in capite vel
en	quod
en	in sanguine
en	rutam, erbam
en	anglice
en	inpressis
en	pacior paciendi me
en	et caveat
en	creticus
en	et
en	juncturas suas
en	super
en	lacrimam edere
en	facias per
en	furno, pone
en	syropis potus enim
en	ad omne
en	meu~.
en	bibe.
en	De~ p~pici~ esto m~
en	ihu~ redemisti nos
en	ponere
en	feniculum
en	inpone broceam
en	a furno,
en	evasicuis
la	ipso et fac
en	et
en	furno, pone in
en	sanandum
en	et
en	.ii., olei
en	juniperii simul
la	ossa et sanabit
en	et
en	In manus tuas d~ne
en	.i.
en	Lucrum, Fratres,
en	mortem.
en	rapitur, Seuit mare,
en	i. jus, archemeseam
en	et
en	in aceto ad
en	sulphuri vivi &
en	levestici,
en	spiritus sanctus
en	priuilegio a rege
en	radicem
en	caliditatis/ tu~c
en	de
en	caret alterna
en	et
en	ab
en	in aere sed cauda
la	duos et
en	et
en	prodigus/ audax/
en	Tere
en	super ignem in
en	trita timpora
en	Item abrotanum bibat
en	tempora
en	qualiter odoratibus
la	item acerimo aceto
en	visum donant,
en	et libenter volo
en	testam oui
en	et capiti
en	condiendo
en	Super
en	jus, archemeseam
la	debet esse ad
la	medicinæ
en	draconis
en	curant, contra
en	fluvium Jordanis
en	cum jejunare facias
en	primo
la	furno et iterum
en	in coctura
en	gradus siccitatis
en	i.
en	aquam & sine dubio
en	postea cola per
en	agios
en	si taga sit fracta
en	herbam circa collum
en	& spu~s
en	vermes in cilijs
en	ingerit, egerit, est
en	calida
en	meus, adiutor sis
en	mare,
en	archemeseam
la	tere et cum eo
en	grana juniperi vel
la	pri~s et filij &
en	agios
en	tolle de igne ut
en	et
en	sicut &
en	Item
en	quicquid sapiencia
en	Postea
en	in forti aceto
en	ex ouorum testis, p.
en	optime sanat.
en	De~
en	et
en	et salem et
en	a lardo
la	gutturis vel oris.
en	ossis,
en	in ipso hiatu
en	ab infirmitate
en	tui +
en	est qua~do
en	.ii., de mitre .ii.,
en	anteriorem
en	artis,
en	molissime
en	in
en	debes non
en	infirmitas,
en	pone
en	sacrificabo
en	capiti
la	est quando habeat
en	cæcum
en	p~pici~ esto m~
en	salgiam, ederam
en	libri
en	mortis suscipe.
en	herba pulmonis
en	cum ea lava
en	reuocat
en	'Sequere me'
en	feniculi
en	et cum ea lava
en	Quartus gradus
en	cum sit
en	baptizatus fuit, sic
en	aceto
en	fallax/ irascens/
en	cum
en	cauda debet
en	Inque
en	fuerit, ceram mitte
en	sed nemo Omnia.
en	et iterum
en	ouorum testis, p.
en	Postea
en	inde fac
en	pacior paciendi
en	appone
en	Jordanis
en	esto michi
en	et
en	est
en	rutam
en	agios
en	potuque modus
en	poterit mundari, cum
en	lassum,
en	Christus
en	tenet horror':
la	Jordanis quando
en	inderisus
en	& artis, Fulmine
en	Et
en	visus oculis
en	in alio
en	est cum
en	.ii., de mitre
en	deinde
en	dimittim~ debitorib~
en	[\f.
en	opus
en	aquam
en	cum
en	labile
en	incurabilis;
en	pulverez mitte
en	dolores:
en	totidem studiorum
en	nodum straminis,
en	vocem
en	Item
en	detrusit
en	sanctus + sanctus +
en	testa rupta fuerit
en	intret
en	si taga
en	sutus/
en	Explicit primus
en	vel nodum
en	ad
en	ranam in stomaco
en	humoris
en	est.
en	libri regalis
en	cum
en	lokechestre vivens
la	fermentatum et acrem
en	capiant vitium
en	simul in
en	trita timpora line.
en	et priuilegio a rege
en	Dies
en	siccate duo
en	vita nusq~
en	ut odor intret de
en	urina propria super
la	die iii. guttas de
en	non illa
la	duos et item
en	et acrem et
la	feniculi tere et cum
en	testa
en	taga sit fracta
en	ruta trita
en	juniperii simul &
en	Si plaga sit in
en	aquam & sine
en	sicca vel calida.
en	confortant
la	oleum et vinum misse
en	aceto ad
en	opus verbum,
en	.i. est
la	In noi~e pri~s et
en	succus/ croceiq~
en	sit sana, curabilis
en	illa grauabunt.
la	cum eo capud et
en	canis
en	bene fermentatum
en	eiusmodi
en	Omnia.
en	Johannes de
en	cum nuce:
en	quemq~
en	infirmi infunde mane
en	sensus recuperant,
en	lacrimam edere i.
en	est incurabilis;
en	paciendi
en	et
en	vires, fessaque
en	Spiritum
en	contrarii
en	sit, gymnasiisque.
en	Patrem et
la	cum lino et
en	ipso et
en	duo coccliaria
en	et
en	jus feniculi,
en	jus feniculi, centum
en	feniculi tere
la	dicitur esse calida
en	aquam testam
en	gloria.
en	valent,
en	talis & artis,
en	est
en	mensuram ponere
la	calida est et
la	circa collum ligatam
en	de igne ut frigeat
en	exeat a furno, pone
en	Et cum
en	et
en	nucibus maioribus
la	cum aqua frigida
la	abrotanum bibat et
en	interficiendum ranam
en	cilijs oculorum.
en	fabarum,
en	et albumine
en	cum radice sua
en	puluis subliss.
en	et
la	qui pre
en	In manus tuas
en	piperis,
en	liberabitur.
en	triduum ipsam herbam
en	lune calida
en	tere cum melle
en	in
en	sanguis menstruus
en	dicitur
en	Johannis
la	ad narez pone
en	'Sicut ad
en	+ agios
en	loco.
la	expelle ossa et
en	purgat
la	erbarum et coque
en	+ agios
en	toti corpori
en	coctam et
en	lokechestre
la	dicitur esse calida
en	et
en	me tenet horror':
en	vel ix confortant
en	dicitur
en	+ sanctus + sanctus
en	In primis pro
en	erbam
en	vivae
la	alios non inderisus
en	absens
en	contra
en	dicto et
en	mort~
en	radicem feniculi et
en	et sanguinem
en	menta &
en	lyngnum abietis
en	tunc
en	pondere, hec omnia
en	huiusmodi
en	+
en	hic remaneas
en	est.
en	capiti vulnerato
en	Prima
en	debita nra~ sicut &
en	vocem clarificandam
en	albumen ovi et
en	capitis dolores:
en	oculis Aqua
la	lune quando est
en	mixta
en	non
en	in juncturas suas
la	extrahe et iterum
en	Carmen ad fluxum
en	de nucibus maioribus
en	absintheum, rutam et
en	manus
en	ab omnibus salcis.
en	et humida.
en	seledonia
en	facto
en	et cum eo capud
en	propria super
en	Bibe
en	quarto gradu.
en	.i. est absque
la	est et
en	'humlock',
en	p.
en	super
en	non
en	disciplina scolarium
en	+
en	ceterorum pulverez
en	+ sanctus + Christus
en	capitis
en	vel ix
en	spina.
en	cum
la	omne quod est'
en	in furno hoc
en	ad vitam,
en	et
en	planetarum septem.
en	quasi mentes
en	est
en	frigida
en	inposita
en	Item folia vervene
la	caliditatis est cum
en	etate lune quando
en	dimitte bullire
en	sicut
en	syropis potus
en	extrahunt
en	praestent
en	vitium
en	dm~ inuocabo.
en	corpori
en	unge.
en	vel spina.
en	ad vitam, fine
en	aetate
en	Pone in aquam testam
en	requie
en	Item
en	passione~ tua~.
en	pone in aceto
en	Et menta &
en	circum appone.
en	et aceto et
en	priuilegio
en	nra~
en	croceiq~
en	+
la	oui plenam calcis
en	rutam,
la	cum melle trita et
en	et
en	sit tibi
en	corpori praestetur
en	egerit, est
en	fine ad vitam,
en	succus/
en	aceto et
la	vulneri et cum
en	ossis, ne sanies
en	capud
en	locum vulneris
en	et Filium
en	calida in
en	succum
en	absens sit,
en	Postea extrahe et
en	erbarum et
Prediction array: [0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0]