en	disease, from
en	be seen,
en	mynde
en	sad & soleynge with
en	stampe hem
en	educated
en	kynde makyng
en	y=e=
en	be under the
en	of
en	any
en	So that
en	in the washing
la	þe significaciouns
en	is yuel for
en	This indeed is
en	much as one
en	it is
en	strang.
la	daies þer
la	and 3ef þe seek
en	to
en	the cavity of
en	to averre a greater
en	of
en	purgis che
en	togedyr in
en	to be don a way in
en	whos
en	stronge vinegre of
en	free from faultes,
en	connyng of
en	ben sangweyne in
en	not
en	driveth
en	delineating all
en	out;
en	of whom I took about
en	protrusion of some
en	handful
en	this Essay; where
en	The true
en	whos frute
en	of the licentiates
en	y seyd by fore
en	I could instance
en	so driveth
en	Also the Gout is a
la	þe forsayde pille,
en	or
en	at any
en	che purgis che
en	Egge, make
en	the Disease
en	y=e=
en	is;
en	smell
en	situation,
en	may
en	aware of;
en	a greife in some by
en	is Man wher
en	small
en	of
en	curyng and
en	fore
en	whiche
en	when
en	the
en	or parts
en	time gives rise
en	deep wound
en	of
en	parts put downe
en	by
en	Wommen of
en	of importance,
en	synggyng and
en	the
en	the smell of
en	vayne
en	are of known
la	an syx dayes, þat
en	to be much seeing
en	with
en	for me
en	small matters to
en	use.
en	and not
en	and
en	the least paines are
en	the
en	distroye many
la	redy þe
en	because of
en	good entret.
en	down or protrusion
en	enough, and obliges
en	clene, Who
en	be
en	of his
en	much
en	spotes
en	be
en	in abok, Y=t= in
en	a mesel,
en	write to me
en	an syx dayes,
en	tumor
en	a sowkyng calfe
en	I graunt it is the
la	þe mawe
en	affair of
en	be
en	will
en	smell of
en	can discern (by the
la	þe
en	Method how
en	hy~ w=t= i~ne,
en	all
en	a good entret.
la	is þe rygge so þat
en	therefore
en	much seeing
en	a few drops
en	as
en	is the power
en	as much Sage, and
en	me, presents
en	By it
en	the herbs are all
en	of Man, exactly
en	Some vaynes,
en	lyuoun yn mych rest,
en	Filth, and whatever
en	of a sowkyng
en	a stroke and
en	Arteries,
en	of
en	licentiates and
en	wrang,
en	perceyued of
en	gude men
en	certain Rules, or
en	be gyn~e Y=t= many
en	those who
la	þou be
en	cannot bear it,
en	twice as much
en	those whom
en	3e,
en	the
en	is the power of the
en	þer nature is of o
en	Dyet.
en	oyle of
en	Also the Gout
en	nothynge at all to
en	to be
en	the circumstances,
en	is the object of
en	the
en	nyght and
en	gain'd by
en	infants
en	month ago a Child
en	averre
en	can
en	the mater was hard
en	that thou write to
en	was thrown up at
en	in abok, Y=t=
en	sekenesse to be
en	to the
en	face.
en	Morning and Night.
en	poudre with þe
en	the mynde
en	Cancer and
en	of the college;
en	three daies
la	þe name of þe fader
en	easy to digest, and
en	all hot and
en	fyer
la	þe sonne and þe holy
en	be taken
en	mannys complexion.
en	thereof, from
en	hem to
en	being
en	excuse
en	tendernesse, euen
en	virtues to comfort
en	clene and redy
en	old,
en	liues fode,
en	of Clothes, be
en	any time
en	are all hot
en	Pox are
en	of
en	disease,
en	breke
en	can best be
en	and when hit is so
en	hy~ were.
en	them well
en	is an
en	wrongfully apply,
en	& beseged
en	THe Small Pox are
en	months
en	as Rich, to be
en	Essay; where
en	At betonye I wyll be
en	thovme is
en	apply, as
en	complexioun and
en	too
en	bowyd
en	in borwyng I be
en	a
en	It is an
en	with which
en	sylfen and
en	and
en	if
en	man
en	Men-midwives
en	word
en	thou write to
la	medicine til þou be
en	gain'd by a long
en	in almost
en	it, and what
en	Ale.
en	in thoght;For
en	are
en	but
en	under the
en	is hot and
en	matters to be
en	as
en	us
en	Any of al thes
en	Tak
en	of is þi pryde
en	stomak, &~ vse þis
en	al
en	I took about
la	and þe sonne and
en	write to me a fewe
en	parties
en	the planet Saturn
en	shall be
en	ny3e rounde
en	cleer
en	notis
en	is profyt abele
en	matter to
en	put downe their
en	If you be sick
la	þe maistrie of þe
en	more confirmed by
en	shell and Saffron
en	parties age,
en	that may advance or
en	schulde
en	ly in.
la	þe confeccion of
en	Ri3t
en	as much Sage,
en	certain
en	power of the
en	Breast
en	like to be under
en	well
en	to be considered of
en	two quarts of
en	me the
en	costive
la	oþer sekenesse
en	take it
en	in
en	of our own sex.
en	independently of
en	the vaynes to let
la	or þe connyng of
en	to remove it, and
en	mater
en	breke out,
en	For to make
en	from faultes,
en	it passeth all the
en	of
en	of the mynde whiche
en	upper
en	natural propriety
en	importance, as
en	vinegre of
la	For þe sengles.
en	head Purge,
en	Take an
en	knawe the vaynes
en	forgif me if it
en	breathe in may
en	lower,
en	to dispossesse
la	þei
en	that Art: and though
en	in a mannys bodye,
en	the principal
en	mater was hard &
en	and certain
en	sethe tyl
en	of the
en	Tak ache
la	and þo
en	grekys
en	I myght
en	the
en	vital
en	of importance, the
en	kyng
en	in this
en	degree, both the
en	that we can find, it
en	blod wastyth.
en	whom
en	has always
en	water clene,
en	of the mynde
en	as his own
en	It distroith
en	vayne
en	and
en	purgis che is
en	the
en	be avoided;
la	þat
en	safe Medicine
en	the Liver.
en	y3en.
en	thes may change
en	on what plan, it can
en	som hafe
en	the poores and
en	for to distroye
en	Air we
en	a man was thrown
en	Stomach, or to
en	hit, as hit is y
en	is
en	the
en	breke out, as
en	and are of
en	and paynted
en	auansed and
en	About 18
en	þey3en.
en	of whit
en	a greater
en	and the fyer
en	curacioun
en	as hit is
en	this I am
en	so driveth it forth
la	Nero as it acordeþ
en	but what is of good
en	being not so
en	is hot
en	as hit were a
en	nature be not
la	ore þat
en	Lungs passeth
en	an
en	prepossest (by
en	and on what
en	in his kynde and
en	sowkyng calfe
en	to
en	that
en	and in this I am
en	shell
en	it be wrang, And
en	And as son as che
en	3e that wyll
en	& al for
en	upon it, both at sea
en	to
en	maner
en	fortune has enabled
en	and dry
en	ago
en	arteries, and vital
en	and flegm, the which
en	and
en	grosse humour, i~
en	sad & soleynge
en	to
en	yolk, and
en	steep'd in two
en	already) what the
en	we breathe in may be
la	3ef þe
en	of it, yet
en	of vnpower
en	the
la	rygge so þat
en	and redy
en	we
en	of Liquor
la	þe same
la	times þe vysage, þer
en	though nature be
en	seen, not
en	notis and accornys
en	ben
en	thou write to me a
en	an
en	and
en	I pray
en	and
en	Y=t= in borwyng I be
en	if the poores
en	which by
en	be giffen for to
en	be able to form
en	name
en	mater was hard
la	so þat ny3e
en	seyunte Gyle ys for
en	roast
en	pore folk
en	a
en	clisteries,
la	þat þe science or þe
en	til
en	things, the smell
en	seeth,
en	laboure muche.
en	Small Pox
en	of this subject
en	be
en	þereof the
en	Being
en	Pellicles viz. three
en	is kynde makyng
en	be giffen for
en	of
en	Some vaynes, vse
en	are under the signes
en	apply, as instance
en	matters to be seen,
en	yuel
en	and do it in
en	to
en	dominion of the
en	and
en	sangweyne in
en	and
en	is good for þe y3en.
en	statement of
en	i.e.,
en	are under the
en	of the claims of
en	therfor men
en	þing with
en	mynde whiche
en	all be
en	Purge, also an
en	calfe and bren
en	together, in
en	sowkynge
en	vnpower to
en	a pint
en	wol breke out, as
en	mony other
en	ana, stampe
en	vertewys hath hy~
en	because of rysyng
en	the shell
en	craftes, other with
en	the lepner
en	all be dene.
la	þe place
en	is knowne
en	the Gout is
en	disease is knowne by
en	so that I
en	four or five
en	hathe the
en	and flours
en	Mace adding a few
en	may advance or
en	fore an syx dayes,
en	women to
la	syx dayes, þat
en	may
en	and
en	spoken before, and
en	be gain'd by
en	and take
en	life
en	the
en	what is
en	which it is
en	none jwys
en	and ley
en	of a sowkynge hare,
la	þo þing with
la	redy þe place þat
en	and to
en	and the
en	and
en	auansed and lyfted
en	with which it
en	and laboure muche.
en	that
en	and Arteries,
en	took about 10
en	poores and issues
en	is abele
la	þe
en	easy to
en	And
en	Body of
en	metasentesyn.
en	subject seems
en	dock at Queen-hythe,
en	of helle and the
en	claims of the
en	moist in his
en	nothing on but
en	seen
en	of a
en	his
en	Urine)
en	oones, but
en	and do it in his
en	none
en	causes productive
en	make a hole
la	to þe stomak, &~
en	a
en	pint
en	superfluous
en	is Man
en	you
en	together,
en	am
en	am sad &
en	who is hot and
en	that she neadeth
en	herbe celidoyne
en	indeed is cleer
en	Essay;
en	Liquor measured:
en	it is
en	hole in the top of
en	and
en	of
en	And as
la	et oþer sekenesse
en	by & by As I
en	whom good fortune
en	operation
en	Houses, and
la	þe sonne
en	while for
en	cavity
en	euery day
en	tolde That
en	mesel,
en	true causes of
en	was
en	the which is
en	medcyne nowe helyth
en	importance,
en	whyte
en	or foure times
en	procure
en	it being the natural
en	at þe preier of ye
en	this subject seems
en	neck near his
en	He
en	the power of
en	other
en	be soon
en	be
en	for
en	This
en	and are of known
en	son as che
en	or
en	when
en	the consideration
en	sexe, the
en	reason
en	the
en	Þis is kynde
la	þe sekenes so it is
en	if it be
en	al thes may change
en	18 months ago
en	were aware of;
en	y=e= telle by
en	or
en	of this operation,
en	naturally
en	so that I shew
en	þe mawe of a
en	cured be diuerse.
en	to make
en	name bar y=e= mest.
en	a man was thrown up
en	leuer takis harme.
en	the
en	downe
en	of
en	aloen and stamp it
en	beseged w=t= any
en	some other small
en	things, the
en	such absurdities
en	Streets kept
en	ayre be cleare and
en	grosse
en	Pox
en	thus much of
en	wykked
en	þat þey be of drye
en	the
en	man was thrown up
en	the
en	guard
en	of a Fever,
en	in
en	Saturn whereas the
en	all
en	Chymicall doth much
en	the Gout is a greife
en	heareth,
en	forth with a
en	sage, box, and
en	each
en	Sun, as being
en	doth
en	a
en	that
en	health, and life, is
en	broken out, anoynte
en	rarely practised,
en	of
en	a stoke
en	first five
en	times
en	The body of
la	and write þes
en	in
en	should diligently
en	of helyng
en	into that Art:
en	least
en	from the stomack to
en	operation,
en	it is helyd
en	and alsone he shalle
en	a mesel, and
la	forsoþe þat
en	of man
en	Chymicall doth
en	foure
en	Poor as Rich,
en	is knowne by the
en	hem
en	less
en	schal
en	A vayne
en	I am more confirmed
en	would do
en	contained in the
en	In equity, by
en	that wyll lette gude
en	humour,
en	Things,
en	ys sayd as wer
en	hot
en	their influence.
en	roast the shell
en	don a way in
en	connyng
en	To knawe the vaynes
en	to
en	drynk it w=t=
en	if the poores and
en	The body of a
la	if þou take þe mawe
en	all
en	Yat
en	is
en	seeing into that
en	swellyng of membre
en	procure this
en	of Nutmegges,
en	or
en	10
en	to averre
en	can find, it
en	is þi pryde ther
en	or hot bodies.
en	is helyd or cured be
en	fyer of
en	Rules, or
en	of a
en	hem
en	they
en	the jurisdiction of
en	with a
en	þereof the iiij
en	Also
en	are
en	stronger
en	untill the shell
en	ONE
en	avoided;
en	mawe of a sowkynge
en	do wrongfully
en	A vayne of
en	without question
en	gret name bar
en	And 3yf
en	Also
la	þou take þe mawe
en	of our own
en	Being a discovery of
en	be
en	wel, and 3ef þe
en	alsone he
en	to eat
en	the
en	to
en	than before we were
en	be
en	stronge
en	of
en	to
en	dangerous;
en	leuer
en	with hote metys and
en	white, and the yolk,
en	leuer takis
en	are mych
en	me a fewe medecynes
en	collar
en	forsayde pille,
la	þe
en	whyte wyne.
en	mention to
en	y=e=
en	not broken.
en	clene, Who so
en	descent,
en	of oyle of
en	the fourth degree,
en	of
en	to
en	first
en	sick
en	fulfill the voyd
en	fellowship of the
en	and of þe sekenes
en	in
en	graunt it is the
en	of
en	the mynde
en	an hard
en	of
en	before
en	with
en	of other
en	to decide,
en	attribute
la	ore þat þey be of
en	plente of
en	is of o
en	che conseyue to
en	the right side,
en	soleynge with
en	as
en	sayd as wer
la	And 3yf þer
en	w=t=
en	the lepner and
en	of
en	þi
en	strongly
en	it can best be
en	of the thing,
en	and of þe sekenes so
en	the first plants are
en	o substance jwys
en	taken
en	admirable
en	up
en	inveterat,
en	oyle of Cloues
en	already)
en	that
en	accornys
en	exactly delineating
en	women
en	Brother I pray the
en	small matters to be
en	hernia, or
en	into five Lobs,
en	his
en	Fro wykked
la	to þe
en	calcin'd, Saltpeter,
en	with a stroke and
en	these people; and
en	of their
en	Rich, to be
en	in myddis the
en	remove it,
en	instance many
en	any thing
en	lette gude men
en	the licentiates
en	are ruptured within
en	vulgar sort are
en	out the
en	is þi pryde
en	term rupture,
en	on
en	troubled with this
en	Beneth,
en	so it
en	other
en	& al for nought
en	saying, Sir I desire
la	profitable to þe
en	whom its spoken
en	produced by the
en	by a
la	For spotes et oþer
en	borwyng
en	seruyse her blod
en	should diligently be
en	which
en	place
en	by As I
en	of gret name
en	and bren
en	of the eares be
en	that Nature
en	the
en	Hydrops,
la	þe holy gost;
en	two on the
en	stockings.
en	of relegion
en	drops of oyle of
en	or Mace
en	from the Head
en	If
en	other
en	yolk, and fill the
en	and
en	vse þis
en	repleat
en	or those that in a
en	vse 3e, And
en	and so driveth
en	same essencion
en	repleat unto
en	part extraordinary
en	daies will break
en	the claims
en	it acordeþ
en	Nero as
en	that
la	to þe
en	Ligaments, and
en	comfort the
en	and on
en	that
en	it w=t=
la	of þe same
en	And
en	too too well
en	it,
en	obliges us to
en	Y=t= many
en	the mynde
en	be don a way in
en	and
en	keep it
en	other lette 3e be.
en	a judgment,
en	over many
en	tok Of agret ladyes
en	fore an syx
en	may
en	we breathe in
en	assistance in
en	wel,
en	this
en	So that she neadeth
en	causes of
en	cause noisom smells,
en	ys
en	To guard therefore
en	and shoes, and
en	& strang.
en	of distention.
en	of al thes may
en	alto powdere,
en	hem to gedre, and
en	knowledge may
en	eares be stopped
en	bee an hard matter
en	the fourth
en	frende
en	a few drops of oyle
en	daies will break and
en	in
en	of
en	Things, that may
en	gives rise
en	I dissected a poor
en	this
en	agret ladyes prest
en	the left;
en	to
en	Strong
en	and
en	sutures of one
la	times þe
en	in the cavity
en	was
en	or mitigate
en	Intestines;
en	under the signes
en	much Sage, and twice
en	is the
en	of
en	charite
en	exercise,
en	&~ vse
en	mynde which
en	as Rich,
en	bodye,
en	opinion of this
en	the
en	is saucefleme; and
en	mannys
en	Gallons of
en	already) what
en	barge-man
en	abele
en	take
en	Purge, also
en	importance, the
en	haue
en	of Charcole,
en	Also yf
en	al redy.
la	and þe holy
en	and
en	on what plan, it
en	men
en	men blode,
en	clene,
en	of their life,
en	and alle maner
en	to require
en	&
en	mynde
en	and accornys
en	it is
en	and moist in his
en	And excuse me sere
en	stoke repleat unto
la	foure times þe
en	excellent and
en	be gain'd by a
en	plants are
en	That
en	with
en	together, and then
en	the thing, and
en	about a month ago
en	the
en	comfort,
en	to the
en	or beyng of
en	is probable that
en	after meat,
en	þings
en	prest
en	what plan, it can
en	men, both
la	oþer sekenesse to
en	by a long and
en	within the
en	to be auansed
en	doth
en	be giffen
en	on hym bere Fro
en	ocupacyon in
en	this water, and to
en	they haue.
en	obliges us to averre
en	the Breast and
en	yese lechys
en	when minucion is
en	this
en	in a
en	and stamp it and do
en	sage, box, and such
en	sutures of one kind
en	and therfor
en	acordeþ
en	is A vayne of
en	also
en	body clene,
en	of
en	and therfor men
en	issues of
en	contribute
en	elementz
en	and bruises; had
en	a pound, beat
en	before we
en	in
en	3yf þer schulde be
en	and
en	on but the collar
la	þe fader and
en	wyse.
en	is
en	some by way
en	the
en	doctoris aqua
en	&
en	on hem ony frut it
en	though
en	of a man was thrown
en	a man
en	vaynes to let
en	opinion of
en	wel, and 3ef
en	is
en	of oyle of Cloues
la	þe rygge so
en	drynk it
en	these people;
en	superfluous choller
en	the least
en	in
en	will break
en	by As
en	it, take
en	Now,
en	it
la	of þe
en	of o
en	Alle maner swete
en	Gyle
en	affair of so
en	is probable
en	and run forth, and
en	seyd by
en	lette 3e
en	not alone
en	not so much
en	wrang, And excuse me
en	telle by & by As I
en	and twice as
en	As I
en	places.
en	an affair
en	partie ayleth,
en	therefore against
en	the infants that
en	the
en	rest,
en	many diseases, he
en	Also the well
en	of
en	any despitefull
en	true causes of the
en	that
en	sea
en	and issues of the
en	so much as
en	and ley to þe
en	to Quene
en	beseged
en	to fulfill
en	breathe in may be
en	I be tok
en	whom its
en	fame;
en	Arteries, and
en	to require our
la	ore þat þey
en	in
en	the
en	ignorance)
en	to
en	being not so much as
en	the thing, and to
en	fro Mounpileris
en	It ys made by
en	Lungs
en	with
en	which curacioun
en	mentioned there that
en	be under the planet
en	time gives
en	appeared to me to be
en	the corruption
en	of women
en	And
en	the
en	of that opinion.
en	alle maner notis and
en	of
en	(by reason of
en	of humors, the
en	ruptured within the
en	Care must be
en	take
en	us to averre a
en	the iugglynge
en	in a mannys
en	nothing on but the
en	what is seen to
en	ruptured within
la	þe þings
en	the for
en	Man wher of
en	Beneth, when y=e=
en	the
en	White-wine,
en	change a
en	well Poor
la	þey be
en	Betonye sothy~ yese
en	Body
en	months of
en	clerkes
en	his own health, and
la	þe
en	ther is none jwys
en	and Sulphur,
en	now
en	and
en	It
en	well
en	reason of
en	And drynk
la	þat þe science or
en	the readier judge
en	that we
en	the which
en	not worth while for
en	colour,
en	cleer enough,
en	the Breast
en	craftes, other
en	and life, is
en	wrongfully apply, as
en	bear it, and so
en	five
en	or bladders full of
en	sangweyne
en	þingis, forwhi
en	Body of Man,
en	of
en	Intestines; which,
en	in
en	these people; and by
en	the
en	curyng
en	þat che purge er che
en	come of
en	water, and to tell
en	frute and
en	poores and
en	And thus
en	and hit ys made in
en	to
en	its
en	and
en	I haue nowe
en	is the purport
en	of
en	having
en	the skynne
en	mych betture.
en	stopped
en	top of it, take out
en	sekenes and beth
en	and Heart,
en	considering
en	of al thes
en	science or þe
en	the
en	or add to the
en	Drink half a
en	life, is the
en	encrease so much,
en	There was some other
en	this
en	caused
en	month ago a
en	therfor men that
en	prepossest
en	and be
en	3owre liues fode,
en	About 18 months
en	of
en	men,
en	meat from
en	wound in his
en	paine,
en	vaynes
en	five
en	tyl halfe be wastyd.
en	it is nedeful
en	glandulus flesh to
en	good
en	knawe
en	bladders full
en	to eat any thing
en	and
en	in the
en	it is the power of
en	telle
en	vnpower
en	the braine are very
en	To knawe the
en	hot and moist in his
en	be
en	Sir
en	mi3t haue
en	and anoynte
en	hem leches.
en	seruyse
en	A vayne of nobill
en	for
en	contrare
en	wholesome,
en	greater
en	the
en	be the
en	a man was
en	with
en	hare, or
en	forgif me if
en	mannys
en	Fever, the which
en	and
en	it in his mouþe
en	complexion.
en	be norysched with
en	For spotes
en	the eares be stopped
en	or another are found
en	on
en	having a deep
en	laid entirely aside.
en	or
en	this
en	is þi pryde ther is
en	schulde be norechyd
la	þe science or þe
la	vysage, þer
en	life, are
en	sayd als I
en	corruption of
en	better qualified
en	hote metys
en	in
en	be diuerse.
en	kyng of
en	Isabel of
en	to render the
en	as hit were
en	on clysters.
en	of the meat from
en	vp, other with any
en	significacions of
en	was thrown
en	her blod
en	sick
en	ladyes prest Y=t= of
en	Clothes, be avoided;
en	the
en	humors, the upper
en	or to
en	with childe
en	clerkes and
en	perchemyn:
en	me to
en	For
en	that we can
en	because
en	the upper
la	All þe veynes I
en	a greife
en	day þryes or
en	with childe ore
en	of whyte
en	than
en	it
en	of ye kyng
en	mynde whiche
en	in her seruyse
en	vital spirits
en	I am sad & soleynge
en	filmes of
en	gude men blode,
en	which,
en	vinegre
en	the grekys fyer
en	wrongfully
en	and Night.
en	medell þe
en	of
en	to the
en	first
en	This disease
la	oþer
en	how to
en	or of
en	thereof, from the
la	spotes et
en	that dyed of a
en	and vaults.
en	well together,
en	Who so betonye on
en	to distroye many
en	The thyrde
en	of kynde and
en	his
en	Take green
en	lechys bedene Yat
en	into
en	Gallons
en	neck
en	to increase
en	when hit is so
en	in his
en	unimpeached
en	haue
en	lynseed &~ letuse,
en	is
en	free
en	and
en	part or parts which
en	3if y=u=
en	antiquity
en	y=u= of vomites wylt
en	the Lungs
en	names in
en	of the
en	the Stomach,
en	whatever may cause
en	wyll
en	as
en	out, as hit were a
en	and alle maner notis
en	of that
en	enabled to
en	a
en	of a
en	Child which
en	minucion
en	every well educated
en	of this
en	a
en	name bar y=e=
en	the Disease, the
en	out of whom I took
en	all togedyr in a
en	not so
en	whereas the
en	che purge er
en	sere frend, for
en	the dominion of the
en	caused of
en	me (though the
en	Therefore
en	the
en	and on what plan,
en	Ligaments,
en	attribute angelica,
en	the bloud,
en	be soon laid
en	that I shew the
en	neck near
en	as being
en	hernia, or descent,
en	in an affair
en	much Scurvy-grass,
en	seyd by fore an
en	be under
en	schal be giffen for
en	Let
en	those that in a less
en	to the
en	the voyd
en	for the mater was
en	lynseed &~
en	thus saluted
en	a month ago
en	vaynes,
en	choller
en	is of
en	that thou write
en	Aboue y=e= thovme is
en	neadeth nothynge
en	Take an Egge, make a
la	til þou
en	blod
en	and dry in the
en	moyst in his
en	helpe
en	but
en	bren it alto
en	complexioun and
en	few drops of
en	a mannys bodye, and
en	in
en	Poor
la	þe rygge
la	þe
en	the
en	keep it for use.
en	take it or
en	And thus much of
en	sufficeth, so
en	ben sangweyne
en	the
en	first plants are
en	and drinkys, and
en	be taken not
en	Mace
en	so much as one
en	fyer and the fyer
en	mixed
en	hote
en	þey ben with
en	myddis the Arme;
en	clene and
en	Sodom.
en	medecynes
en	saying,
en	herbe celidoyne whos
en	fewe
en	is
en	the Body of Man,
en	the claims of the
en	and parts
en	patients
en	able to
en	their
en	certain time it doth
en	of these people; and
en	encrease so
en	I wyl y=e= telle by
en	reason
en	secret passages and
en	cured be
en	the
en	&
en	and
en	that in a
en	may understand
en	green
en	Drink half
en	the
en	it sethe tyl halfe
en	grekys fyer and the
en	how to use
en	Rules,
en	shell
en	the partie ayleth,
en	notis and
en	fode, Some
en	it
en	to make a
en	with
en	patients complaints
en	sekenes be
en	it or not, would
en	into that Art: and
en	at
en	and
en	For to
la	a way in þe face.
en	goldyn
en	whiche seeth,
en	hot and
en	following
en	fond wrety~ in abok,
la	for þe y3en.
en	upon it, both at
en	day
la	þes
en	yf the sekenes be
en	by
en	of rysyng o
en	eares be
en	kynde makyng of
la	And if þou
en	or descent,
la	aftre þe
en	with
en	some borowed and
en	ix daies
en	is of o substance
en	togedyr in a
en	take þereof the iiij
en	of
en	faultes,
en	thus much
en	land.
en	distroith y=e=
en	I wyll
en	hot
en	has enabled
en	is bowen inward
en	way of life of these
en	as well Poor
en	of one
en	to
en	a Fever, the which
en	all
en	mention to you.
en	with Pannicles,
en	kynde and therfor
en	very
en	of the meat from the
en	do it in
en	their
en	and what to
en	that wyll
en	medical assistance
en	aqua
en	and be norysched
en	in this I
en	goldyn colour, and
la	þe
en	a mannys bodye,
en	rebukes
en	entirely aside.
en	box who
en	stomak,
en	and issues of
en	be
en	o nyght
en	huyre hem leches.
en	beyng of kynde and
en	good for þe
en	and all these with
en	the
en	especially box
en	nos
la	coque et
en	lacte canis inunge
en	ossibus inpressis in
en	cum
en	septem.
en	cum melle
en	caliditatis
en	est
la	frigiditatis et
en	extrahunt ex
en	Item
en	de aetate planetarum
en	p.
en	secretorum,
en	Pugnis, quot viuunt
en	coque
la	coque et cum
en	die
en	famuli
en	equali pondere.
en	Corporis & debes
en	i. jus, archemeseam
en	egerit,
en	mundus sit rite
en	usque ad
en	pedes
la	liquefactum fuerit,
en	comune sapore
en	extrahe
en	coctura ponatur,
en	iij.
la	sciunt, sed nemo
en	sancti ame~.
en	vincula
en	neque
en	incurabilis; set si
en	et non cressent pili
en	nonagesimo.
en	te, infirmitas, per
en	caveat hiis diebus a
en	betam viridem bene
en	Granum solis
en	nos in sanguine
en	jejuno coccliar
en	trita timpora
en	hausit
en	ita ter
en	iterum
en	ad omne
en	in furno
en	ceterorum pulverez
en	gustabilem praestent
en	et fac coronam de
en	cerebrum,
en	ruta trita cum sale
en	archemeseam
en	modo incipit
en	oris.
en	item
en	dolore quasi
en	instet
en	potus
la	Dialthææ
en	et item acerimo
en	pone.
en	capud inunge.
la	ossa et
en	ad
en	'Virtutem primam
en	pilis,
en	quantitatem in ipso
la	'Deridens alios non
en	rutam, erbam
en	Accipe rutam,
en	contra
en	redemisti
en	et
en	viridem
en	et infirmus
en	quicquid
en	sit fracta cum
en	redemisti nos in
en	+ agios
en	prodest, Sic sine
en	secundus liber
en	Miserere mei
en	Bibe betoniam et
en	illisa
en	pestilencialem et
en	salgia crescit
en	super capud
en	pone in aceto et ita
en	scabiem pustulas
en	est sicca
en	Vita,
en	jus
en	ut frigeat sicque in
en	ad vitam, fine
en	de
en	ferat.
en	qualitas
la	coque et
la	seledonia cum melle
en	Absterge,
en	vel calida.
en	et
en	.vi., de
en	Lucidus & mundus
en	mellis.
en	et mitte in
en	nra~
en	rupta fuerit
en	me_ra, vereremmus.
en	Jus
en	dies
en	adveniat
en	dicitur
en	creticus
en	cum
en	Et tunc tolle
en	et ab omnibus
en	communibus
en	Regnum mutatur,
en	bene tritam et
en	et salem et
en	sutus/ fallax/
en	infirmus
en	ponatur
en	Ad
en	.ii., de mitre
en	sic mundatum
en	quemq~
en	Ignis ardens
la	paciens de illo pane
en	coctum tibi
en	agrimoniam
en	p~pici~ esto m~
en	cum
en	est mensuram ponere
la	aures et
en	Si plaga sit
en	tactabilis toti
en	poterit frangere
en	de
en	et oleum
en	(missione)
en	visum donant,
la	subfumigetur et
en	sol operitur,
en	appetitu.
en	urina propria super
en	edere trita
en	palme & debet
en	grana juniperi
en	dolore: Succum
en	quiesse
en	Trahit sua
en	Calcis ex ouorum
en	cum
en	duas
en	liquefactum
en	maioribus capud
en	scaldynge
en	ossa
la	rutam et ederam
en	planetarum septem.
en	non illa grauabunt.
en	et
en	poni
en	nos
en	eius adde predictis
en	Ad idem.
en	calidam
en	paciendi me tenet
en	operitur,
en	et cum
en	Ova
la	et succum eius
la	occidendum vermes
en	fluxum
en	iterum
en	nil pacior paciendi
en	cum
en	ne
en	Ebrius
en	adjungatur
en	frigeat
en	vel
en	et cum bene biberit
en	pocione.
en	duas caliditatis/
en	ignis exeat de
en	tunde, deinde mundum
la	dicitur esse calida
en	aquam
en	natans hoc modo
en	cutem
la	gradus est
en	tune dicitur
en	et indutum lintheo
en	vervene cum
en	in alio
en	firment me_ra,
en	et excoriatam,
en	sicud strinxsisti
en	distempera
en	inaccessos
en	Cernis
en	ad interficiendum
en	in
en	aurem
en	valebit
en	Pietas,
la	pri~s et filij
en	deponendum telam
en	succo
en	ossibus
en	mei p~pt~
en	cum aqua
en	emendare p~
en	Crocus Metallorum
en	linthe juxta plage
en	primis pro
la	curabilis est.
en	natans
en	syropis potus enim
en	coctum in
en	creticus vel cretica
en	fuerit, ceram mitte
en	tere
en	agios + sanctus +
en	terrestrem tere
en	despumate mellis,
en	alio loco corporis:
en	potuque
en	& debes non
en	+ agios +
en	occulo famuli tui
en	iii. guttas de
en	Quarta frigida
en	viridem bene
en	farine fabarum,
en	et priuilegio a rege
en	taga sit
en	fiat
en	capud
en	quod qualitas
en	durabile non est.
en	at
en	vel alios
en	est
la	quiesse et
en	tollit.
en	folia vervene cum
en	siccitatis
en	morbum
en	in orto?
en	partem frigiditatis
en	de mitre .ii., cere
en	grana piperis,
en	est
en	sanat.
en	de mastic
en	ignem
en	taga
en	frigida
en	calida in
en	tempera
la	et mitte in aures et
en	detrusit ad vndas,
en	trita
en	tunde,
en	de aetate
en	poterit mundari,
en	nemo Omnia.
en	et sic adjungatur
en	frigiditatis
en	s~
en	commedat paciens de
en	et
en	quod est mensuram
en	Patrem
en	dicitur 'humlock',
la	melle et
en	et non
en	indutum lintheo
en	Ex his fiat
en	super aquam &
en	etate
en	Absterge, Domine,
en	.i. est
la	+ agios + agios +
en	agios + agios
en	Dies creticus
en	sanabit
en	Benefactaq; Carcer.
en	vulnera
en	sanguis menstruus
la	acerimo aceto et
en	aceto et cum
en	cum lacte caprino
en	mixta
en	.ii., de mitre .ii.,
en	Resspice
en	Pro ossibus
la	et est morbus
en	fermentatum
en	entret.
en	Et modo incipit
en	et in
en	exeat
en	nares unge
en	ad omne quod
en	celodonie .vi., de
en	dubio ardebit
en	tractatus
en	libri .vi.,
en	Item
en	esse compescere
la	De etate lune
en	ipso et
en	et pone
en	aceto et
en	qui
en	res illa
en	triduum ipsam herbam
en	oculis Aqua facialis
en	qualiter odoratibus
la	vulneri et cum
en	dolore in dorso vel
en	sic mundatum confice
en	fracta cum
en	cum auxungia veteri
en	cum ea lava capud
en	in secundo
la	sanctus est
en	radix plantaginis
en	quantum de
en	super ignem in
en	Selidonia
en	tunc res illa
en	super
en	et duas
en	capiti calidam
en	nichil
en	nervi petrosi
en	famam';
en	fine ad vitam,
en	Bibe betoniam
en	super aquam
en	per Patrem
en	capiant vitium
en	stygias
la	tere et
en	& debet poni super
la	est cum aliqua res
en	et
la	ignem in aliquo vase
en	vitam,
en	de
en	locum vulneris
en	potuque modus
en	adde predictis
en	de
en	plebs peste fame
en	de Burdegalia editus
en	Lucidus
en	medicamine,
la	acerimo aceto
en	hoc
en	dicitur fumus
en	aquam &
en	dies creticus
en	in primo
en	siccate duo
en	vel
en	et si testa rupta
en	enim datus
en	et cum
en	mellis.
en	de urina propria
en	dissolvatur
en	ne sanies
en	pleno
en	omnes
la	capite et
en	exeat de vase
la	facias per diem
la	cum oleo et aceto
en	et
en	in
la	in primo gradu.
en	homo
la	vulnera sanant et
en	non illa
en	saniorem aurem surdi
en	tune dimitte bullire
en	curabitur
la	tuo .N. sicud
en	ruta
en	est dies
en	inunge
en	da jejuno coccliar
en	albumen ovi
en	sanguine
la	cum melle et
la	sicut ignis volans
en	& sulphuri vivi
en	pustulas a
en	tu nos
en	aquam
en	manus tuas
en	Christus
en	ranam in stomaco
en	lino et
en	aceto ad
en	adiutor sis
en	dolorem tollit.
en	ex ouorum testis, p.
en	frangunt, colorem
en	omnia in vino
en	cum succo
en	et nares
en	ouorum testis, p.
en	asspergatur,
en	'Pede super colles
la	creticus est dies
la	duos et item
en	adiutor sis famulo
en	habitabilis aer,
en	Item contra
la	et salem et oleum et
en	interficietur.
la	uvulae et organorum
en	dissolvatur (prout
en	Ex his
en	ignis exeat
en	lune
la	capud videtur sindi
en	et nichil
en	ipso hiatu ossis, ne
en	p~ gra~q~
en	et nome~ dm~
en	circum
en	omne quod
en	Verbi gratia:
en	est curabilis.
en	fuit, sic disstringe
en	cum ardet tolle
en	et octo caliditatis/
en	Cur moritur
en	Anno
en	Item oleo
en	trita timpora line.
en	verbum,
en	anteriorem partem
en	de
en	dm~
en	tangit'
en	oleo et
en	intervallo
la	coque et tempora
en	sapore
en	requie durabile non
en	&
en	et condiendo simul
la	fracta sit taga, est
en	comune
la	'þouþistele',
en	a
en	si testa rupta
en	super
en	Fratres, Parentes,
en	sic in ollam,
en	esto
en	super capud
en	me grauiter
en	sanant
en	in forti aceto
en	super anteriorem
en	odor intret de ipso
en	calidum,
en	qualibet die
en	Grana
en	tritam et
la	tere et
en	Deinde commedat
en	est labile
en	vel lardi a linthe
la	furno et
en	faciunt, lapidem
en	parte
en	ihu~ xp~e
en	vbi Solis
en	& syropis potus
en	Liber
en	optime sanat.
la	aliquantulum
en	inominata
en	.ii.,
en	in
en	esto
en	cretica
en	lapidem frangunt,
en	sicud
en	Ebrius hausit
en	[\f. 19rb\]
en	dies evasicuis
en	Item
la	sua quemq~ voluptas.
en	Item radix
en	tempera unge.
en	apponatur.
en	octo caliditatis/
en	melle mixta
en	vase locato prout
en	secundo gradu.
en	contra omnes
en	et sic
en	paralisim curant,
en	eo
en	caliditatis/
en	esse calida in
en	Angelicæ, Aloes
en	vertigines at
en	toti
la	predictis et
en	olla
en	in saniorem
en	Pilulæ
en	sume recentem
en	sindi
en	In
en	lardo
la	frangit quicquid
en	recentem angwillam
en	Pro
en	liberabitur.
en	Castor gaudet equis,
en	pro
en	plenam calcis vivae
en	olei libri .vi.,
en	+
en	feniculi tere
en	mort~ sacre p~ennis
en	ruta trita
en	Item
en	faciunt,
en	pacientis.
en	appensa
en	nervi gustabiles
en	plage
en	acetum, set cum
en	ad vertiginem:
en	laus sit tibi p~
en	anglice 'flour-ben',
la	alios non
la	a lardo et butiro et
en	quod priusquam in
en	in juncturas suas
en	mitte ea
en	oleo facto de
en	capiant
la	vita est, infirmum
en	ardens super
la	est quando
en	enim
en	in tertio
en	grana
en	ceram mitte ea que
en	labile
en	et expelle ossa
en	simul in olla
en	admisse
la	pulegium cum oleo
en	butiro
en	hic
en	facialis
en	aceto
en	Millesimo
en	famuli tui
en	tui .N. plenas
la	coque et
en	de jure
en	capud pone.
en	ponatur, dissolvatur
la	ad narez pone
en	absens
en	vel nodum
en	naribus adveniat
en	raucas
en	Christus
la	et cum eo capud et
en	praestent
la	ac vulneri et
en	quot viuunt capitum,
la	coque et cum eo
en	recuperant, visum
en	olens
en	mastic
en	(prout
en	corporis:
en	hiatu ossis, ne
en	corrumpant otia
la	Labilis vt vita est,
en	prodigus/ audax/
en	modus
en	inponatur
en	cum ardet
en	superflues inter
en	Johannis
en	cum sale
en	Item minta trita
en	ardens super aquam
en	tunc tolle de
en	et Spiritum Sanctum
en	lutum
en	condicionibus
en	aceto et ab
en	michi pcco~ri D~ne
en	et
en	.i. est absque
en	aqua
en	ardebit super
en	Jus absinthei sume,
en	iuvat
en	aetate
en	sanguis ponatur
la	capite et fracta
en	+
en	et
en	capiti
en	rutam et
en	cum eo capud
en	quod
en	ponere prodest, Sic
en	est mater sanitatis.
en	plantaginis
en	adde
en	vocatur
la	est quando
en	ad
en	et locum
en	sine mensura deperit
en	nusq~ decidat.
la	alios non inderisus
en	Explicit
en	me
en	homo
en	habeat vnam
en	pre nimio
en	in
en	liber de
en	veteri inposita
en	Quo
en	centauriam
en	hiis diebus
en	vbi pedere
en	ceram mitte ea
en	ihu~
en	fiet lassum, si te
en	paciens de
en	sit tibi p~ amara
en	Pro le scaldynge
en	Valetudo,
en	puluis subliss.
en	per
en	quousque
en	tu~c
en	est
en	me tenet horror':
en	mellis,
en	vita
la	tere et cum eo
la	facto conditum est.
en	.vi.,
en	Item ad
en	herbam
en	colorem
en	fit sicut
en	secundum artem.
en	caliditatis/
en	forti
en	et
en	sine
en	& sulphuri vivi &
en	edere
en	vino coctam et
en	illisa extrahunt ex
en	usque
en	Quartus gradus
en	tibi
en	claru~
en	bene
en	dm~ inuocabo.
en	omniam
la	trifolium simul
en	vermes:
en	te non illa
en	Hinc
en	Et menta
en	capite vel in
en	capitum,
en	Sanguis
en	aquam
la	feniculum coque
en	sit
en	labile corpus, Sic
la	cum eo capud et
en	illa dicitur
en	& sine
en	Carmen ad fluxum
en	infirmum est labile
en	ardebit super aquam
en	quando
en	frigeat sicque in
la	ad Aemilianum cæcum
en	ad longitudine
en	sensibus
en	vndas,
en	occulo famuli
en	liquefacta,
en	baptizatus fuit, sic
en	anglice
en	respirationis
en	per diem
en	Item
en	in capite
en	ederam
en	facto lokechestre
en	lava capud
en	p~pici~ esto
en	Item ad
en	hiis
la	oleo et ab omnibus
en	pulegium
en	cum jejunare
en	non est.
en	vbi Solis filia
en	pulegium
en	degestionem
en	ad terciam
en	opus verbum, minuit
la	tu nos ab hoste
en	et tempora
en	capiant vitium ni
en	+
en	albumine ovi et
en	Ille
en	letiferum paralisim
en	in
en	curant, avalitum
en	sensibus animalibus
en	rutam
en	Vt
en	nuncquam
en	que
en	nucibus maioribus
en	mort~ sacre
en	ad
en	primus liber de
en	emendare
en	sanctus + sanctus +
en	dicto
en	Hoc facto conditum
en	per Patrem et
en	planetarum
en	cum oleo et
en	capitis.
en	sic
en	lacte caprino pone
en	aceto
en	primam puta
en	spermatis
en	est cum aliqua
la	plantaginem et
en	pone
en	fluxum sanguinis:
en	ad
en	amara
en	Explicit tractatus
en	est
en	mellis, tantum
en	codem,
en	tui
en	gaudet equis,
en	inuocabo.
en	dant.
en	&
en	a furno, pone in
en	Cur
en	collo
en	primi libri
en	sanguinis.
la	mvnius palme & debet
en	Secretis secretorum,
en	illa grauabunt.
en	qualibet fractura
en	quibus partibus
en	codem, Pugnis, quot
en	vnam portionem
la	simul et postea cola
en	mundari,
en	oleo coque
en	fiat puluis
en	et excoriatam, ossa
en	Item
la	lune quando est
la	inponatur et sic
en	Carcer.
la	sanctus est remedium
en	absintheum,
en	a linthe
en	quibus
en	amara~
en	sana,
en	sub intervallo
la	tere et cum eo capud
en	de nucibus
en	in
la	de eodem et capiti
en	pcco~ri
en	ceram mitte
en	omne
en	co~mendo
en	Item
en	gustabilem
en	et appone loco.
en	claru~ vespere.
en	aere
en	Quo dicto
en	nobis
en	tenet
en	quod
en	die apponatur.
en	Daucus asininus
en	est dies evasicuis
en	tu nos ab
en	aurem surdi et
en	in ipso hiatu
en	Et tunc
en	stomaco vel
en	vt
en	colles
en	et ita ter coque in
en	pane siliginis
en	Pro
en	clarifecant, ventum
en	coquatur.
en	dulcorant,
en	&
en	palme & debet poni
la	agios + agios +
en	aqua
en	fuit,
en	sit tibi p~
en	super
en	vitam, fine
la	Prima etas lune
en	ne sanies iruens in
en	furno, pone in
en	panniculum
en	tolle
en	passione~ tua~.
en	omnia
en	esse calida
la	qui pre nimio
en	dorso
en	Si nucem poterit
en	tuas d~ne
en	& cutem desiccat
en	laus sit tibi
la	diem vel duos et
en	et
en	super capud infirmi
la	Diues inaccessos vbi
en	capite
en	sacre
en	illud quod fluit in
en	aporimatibus; &
en	sanctus +
en	fluit in posteriori
en	vivi &
en	furit,
en	die iii.
en	In manus
la	inaccessos vbi
en	priuilegio a
en	prodest,
en	& syropis potus enim
en	uvulae
en	Item
en	Fenugrecum
la	trifolium simul tere
en	et feniculum
en	super locum sine
en	tui .N.
en	est labile corpus,
en	et ederam
en	et nascentur.
en	disposicionis,
en	forti aceto et
la	Quartus gradus est
en	fessaque membra
en	noi~e
en	Item ruta
en	et fac coronam
en	sic
en	comune sapore coitus
la	vel alios vermes:
en	amittunt:
en	sale et
en	Miserere
en	pacior
en	si
Prediction array: [0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0]