en	doth continue four
en	significaciouns of
en	are without
en	Houses,
en	frende Nero as it
en	are so strongly
en	any infirmitie take
en	thyrde
en	out of whom I took
en	ordinary Dyet.
en	confeccion of
en	his own health, and
en	cause noisom smells,
en	herbe celidoyne
en	it,
en	good for þe y3en.
en	aware of;
en	natural
en	abele
en	when y=e= leuer
en	are mych
en	be perceyued of þe
en	cannot bear it,
en	examined
la	or þe connyng
en	the chilosity of the
en	be contained
en	of the subordinate,
en	enabled to
en	I could
en	best be
en	plants are
en	hafe
en	as being of
en	neadeth nothynge at
en	with a stroke and
en	of
en	if it be
en	whiche
en	drops of
en	on
en	holy gost; and
en	to make
en	and glandulus flesh
en	sothy~ yese
en	abele to conceyue.
en	me, presents me the
en	so broken
en	is A vayne of nobill
en	out;
en	absurdities
en	the smell
en	seyd by fore an
en	own health, and
en	and certain
en	replete with
en	ago I dissected a
en	And as son as
en	the iugglynge castes
en	þat be of
en	is the power of the
en	them well together,
en	other
en	complaints and
en	that may
en	much as
en	I fond wrety~
en	shirt, and shoes,
en	It
en	schal
en	pore folk
en	A barge-man fell
en	and take þereof the
en	all the
la	þe sekenes so it is
en	All þe
en	warme.
en	take
en	al thes may change
en	hem
en	mentioned there that
en	was thrown
en	a less degree may
en	fellowship of
en	There
en	Remedies
en	Intestines;
en	may renne
en	broken out,
en	like to be under the
en	of
en	or cured be diuerse.
en	Things, that
en	or descent, is meant
en	dere
en	mynde
en	continuing a
en	the
en	hir broþer.
en	the first five or
en	and the
en	which
en	veins
en	the planet
en	more
en	hafe it
en	and run forth, and
en	it is
en	flesh to fulfill
en	frend, for the
en	of Man,
en	als I
en	though nature
en	me
en	Tak aloen and stamp
en	ben hot
en	moist in his kynde
en	commonly
en	of this
en	is nedeful
en	the Twisting
en	diseases,
en	I
la	þat þe science or
en	vaynes
en	in thoght;For
en	that are ruptured
en	being of
en	and be
en	of known virtues to
en	to form a
en	and dry in
en	despitefull
en	much
en	and hit
en	vaynes, vse 3e, And
en	amongyste clerkes
en	Head to the
en	to prove, that every
en	first plants are
en	which by reason of
la	In þe name
en	profitable
en	the
en	it is helyd
en	Disease, the
en	it forth
en	hafe
en	Tak
en	frute and flours
la	þou
en	object
en	humour, i~ vayne
en	with
en	the Gout is
en	kynde makyng of
en	thoght;For
en	science
en	there passeth also
en	plants
en	in two quarts
en	gedre wel, and
en	is
en	to others of our own
la	þes
en	descent, is meant a
en	by &
en	all
en	wol
en	That come
en	flegm,
en	wher
en	thou write to me
en	come of
en	Y=t=
en	and be communicated
en	and therfor men
en	grateful
en	The Lungs is also
en	to be
en	liues fode,
en	be wrang,
en	Breast and Heart,
en	the peculiarity
en	where by
en	not
en	this
en	for
en	instance
en	and are
en	it
en	the
en	Pannicles, strong
en	reason of
en	this
en	so
la	þe holy
en	vital
en	viz. three on
en	Filth, and whatever
en	bene profitable to
en	observing
en	of
en	right
en	entitled,
en	time
en	chilosity
en	I feare it will
en	untill the
en	Art: and
en	in the
en	of Charcole, untill
en	whereas the herbs
en	very dangerous;
en	old, be
en	don a way in þe
en	who is hot and dry
en	of Sope-Suds, and
en	swellyng
en	Blode is hot
en	of the
la	þis medicine til
en	and alle maner notis
en	into
en	likewise of the
en	be not
en	of
en	and issues
en	when
en	And excuse
en	by reason of
en	In the left hande
en	or to eat
en	of helle and the
en	kynde and
en	is saucefleme; and
en	his power.
en	of humors, the
en	Ligaments, and
en	not only of the
en	known
en	Essay; where
en	Now, whatever be
en	is kynde makyng
en	Sethe all
en	forgif me if
en	so much importance,
en	but
en	humour, i~ vayne &
en	If you
en	the
en	Stomach, or to
en	this subject seems
en	much Sage, and twice
en	I wyl y=e= telle
en	had
en	and laboure
en	infants that
en	this Morning and
en	are
en	Being a discovery
en	add to
en	naturally
en	in his
en	deep wound
en	out,
en	was writen
en	It distroith y=e=
en	not
en	neck
en	require our
en	such
en	Also yf the sekenes
en	only of the
en	the braine are
en	and
en	Man,
en	chilosity of the
en	fewe medecynes
en	should diligently be
en	and
la	forsoþe
en	a tumor produced
en	or a Method
en	worth while for me
en	by
en	other lette 3e be.
en	much Scurvy-grass,
en	hote metys
en	and
en	descent,
la	þe stomak, &~
en	therfor men
en	about
en	to
la	þe seek wyþ
en	I am
en	his shirt, and
en	make a good entret.
en	huyre
en	is meant a
en	health, and
en	by the
en	sylfen and
en	is þi pryde
en	are mych betture.
la	til þou be
en	Method how
en	and of vnpower
en	the grekys fyer and
en	by reason
en	much of the Breast
en	hye
en	curyng and þo
en	betonye
en	some part or parts
en	the Air we breathe
en	males.
en	hot and dry in
en	all these with
en	Any
en	Being
en	local
en	For
en	which is mixed with
en	so much
en	of it, but likewise
en	che purge
en	a
en	spirits and
en	his windpipe,
en	keeping the grieued
en	me
en	Small Pox are caused
la	swelliþ,
en	neck near his
en	be our exercise,
en	of this operation,
en	naturally costive
en	in a less degree may
en	not, would
en	the shell
en	together,
en	hawe
en	hir
en	cleer enough,
en	take the eyes, if
en	stopped & beseged
en	is Man wher
en	dene.
en	wrongfully apply,
en	that Nature cannot
en	good
en	be examined for
en	the fyer of Sodom.
en	iugglynge castes of
la	þe place
en	yolk, and
en	it being
en	I fond
en	huyre hem leches.
en	Scurvy-grass,
en	connyng of
en	to helpe hem
en	the
en	the washing of
en	it doth encrease
en	had
en	driveth it
en	claims
en	all to be auansed
en	bodies.
en	whom good fortune
en	them:
en	of this water, and
la	his mouþe and
en	Some vaynes, vse
la	is nedeful þat þe
en	þis
en	the
la	þer nature is
en	the fyer
en	This has always
en	hot and moist
en	and
en	for þey3en.
en	at
la	þe seed sal
en	or curyng
en	to
la	þat þe
en	and do it
en	is
en	passeth
en	of his
la	a way in þe face.
en	when minucion
en	is good
en	name of þe fader and
en	well
en	whom I
en	a month ago a Child
la	þat ny3e rounde
en	to be don a way
en	diseases, he may
en	side, and two on
en	seen
en	them well
en	gyn~e Y=t= many
en	sexe,
en	of relegion purge
en	body
en	indeed is cleer
en	whom
en	the consideration of
en	ruptured
en	and drinkys, and
en	of the Sun, as
en	þing with which
en	this treatise to
en	situation, and
en	will bee
en	month
en	by the
en	to you.
en	Also
en	this paine
en	or
en	the well
en	than before we
en	is cleer
en	a greife in some by
en	to tell me
la	lengere as þei þat
en	Intestines; which, I
en	amongst other
en	what is
en	wher of is
en	a good smell and
en	in an
en	nature
en	has enabled
en	som hafe
en	y=u= of
en	found necessary,
en	pille, þei are mych
en	being of a good
en	almost
en	is also divided
en	Physicians can
la	þo þing
en	when hit is
en	his
en	oones, but
en	form a judgment, not
en	and so
en	with the
en	with many
en	and vital spirits
en	and in this I am
en	is good for þe
en	taste
en	to make
en	is y seyd
en	a mannys
en	and
en	patients
en	five Lobs,
en	This has
en	all the Members,
en	man was thrown
en	the
en	such like
en	be metasentesyn.
en	term rupture,
en	abele þat che purge
en	of this treatise
en	can
en	fyer and the
en	will bee an
en	BY the term rupture,
en	Streets
en	down or protrusion
en	the power
en	his
en	of the
en	of
en	has always appeared
en	ther
en	with which
en	on what plan, it
en	the
en	at sea and land.
en	of
en	right side, and two
en	subject
en	virtues to comfort
en	life
en	will be soon
en	is of o substance
en	in abok,
en	on hym
en	Care must be
en	age, with many
en	large
en	shell
en	of
en	in the washing
en	which
en	washing of Clothes,
en	flours been of
en	Y=t= of
en	and two
en	ys made by
en	of good
en	Sun, as
en	may change a mannys
en	i~ vayne &
en	dispossesse them
en	mater was hard &
en	excuse
en	better qualified to
en	of vnpower to
en	but
en	hit is y
la	þe essencion or
en	potabilis and hit ys
en	make
en	Nature
en	y seyd by
en	Wommen
en	sufficient
en	stronge vinegre
en	Stomach,
en	bowyd is
en	pound, beat them
en	and to
en	essencion or beyng.
en	the Disease, the
en	haue al
en	and stamp it
en	is the make;
en	but
en	yn
en	certain
en	the Breast and
en	Take an Egge,
en	sal ly
en	it passeth
en	that every well
en	these people;
en	boke.
en	to huyre
en	maistrie of þe
en	first five or
en	averre a
la	þey ben
en	seek
en	it, yet
en	keep
en	to
en	the
en	local study
en	but in almost
la	dayes, þat þe
en	drye complexioun
en	into the
en	first to require our
en	hath hy~ w=t= i~ne,
en	lepner and the fyer
en	che purgis che is
en	many
en	up at
en	shall be able to
en	the
en	the gullet,
en	the Vulgar means,
en	or of a sowkyng
en	much
en	vomites
en	the herbs are
en	very
en	do it in his
en	with which
en	Saffron; roast
la	ore þat
en	pore folk that
en	that Physicians
la	þe connyng
en	meat from the
en	the readier
en	that she
en	be giffen
en	practised, and
en	oyle
en	and
en	writen
en	be the case;
en	significacions of
en	on the
en	of whom
la	abele þat che
en	but when þey
en	considered
en	and stamp it and
en	many
en	of
en	answeres.
en	the
en	two
en	with which it
la	þe poudre with þe
en	made upon
en	Any of
en	it, both at sea
en	hit is so
en	and
en	That
en	in
en	is profyt
en	betture.
en	twice as
en	Method how to
en	that
en	the principal
en	pille,
en	hot
en	other
en	power of the mynde
en	those
en	euery moneth
en	study and
en	of Man, exactly
en	that
en	amongyste
la	redy þe place þat þe
en	nervale certayne.
en	is seen to
en	Egge, make a
en	that ben
en	same essencion or
en	betonye I wyll be
en	me, presents me
en	and what to
en	is
en	find, it being the
en	much Sage,
en	lyuoun
en	haue nowe tolde That
en	examined for
en	this paine,
en	Now, by considering
en	stomak, &~
en	of kynde and
en	frend,
en	the
en	and moist
en	diligent
en	yolk, and fill
en	to make clene
en	good smell and
en	Egge, make a hole
en	sekenes and beth
en	mixed
en	Tak stronge vinegre
en	it alto powdere,
en	and
en	Creature, that
en	myddis
en	dry
en	be diuerse.
en	greater
en	& free from faultes,
en	Fro
en	I wyl y=e= telle by
en	month ago
en	is bowen inward
en	be not alone
en	to
en	of kynde and of þe
en	after meat,
en	About 18 months ago
en	desire your
la	þingis, forwhi þei
en	y=e= fe all be dene.
en	arteries, and vital
en	Nature cannot
la	þat
en	in his kynde and
en	are all
la	if þe
en	it and
en	it in his
en	stampe hem to
en	a mannys
en	charite that
en	i.e., old,
la	daies þer
en	out
en	Gallons of
en	þi pryde ther
en	complexion
en	with oyle
en	in
en	and whatever may
en	by
en	to this
en	This
en	wyþ hote watur.
en	braine are very much
en	þer nature is of o
en	Also this medcyne
en	or those
en	the first
en	is an admirable
en	the
en	craftes, other with
en	purgis che is
en	Therefore
en	essencion
en	or add to
en	There
en	disease,
en	relegion
en	she
en	this paine, which
en	in Embers of
la	or þe connyng of þe
en	should naturally be
en	the left hande
en	cured be diuerse.
en	three
en	matters
en	water clene,
en	Man wher of
en	Rich, to be
en	be
en	the least paines are
en	abundance
en	kynde and therfor
en	and safe
en	admirable
en	plente
en	all
en	we can
en	made
en	the Head to the
en	kynde
en	can
en	make a hole
en	also an
en	least
en	that I shew
en	sick partie know
en	As I fond
en	upon it, both
en	hool.
en	to be the
en	way of
en	or cured
en	to be
en	The
en	of the eares
en	as son as che purgis
la	þe holy gost;
en	Liver.
en	ONE
en	membre of man
en	Sodom.
en	add
la	þe veynes I haue
en	power.
en	so
en	and
en	of one kind or
en	ordinary
en	roast the
en	vaynes to
en	shoes,
en	greater antiquity of
en	seed sal
en	aqua potabilis
en	Let it
en	Gyle ys for
en	body of a
en	excuse me
en	or Pellicles viz.
en	other things, the
en	it, and
en	body of
en	has
en	wyne, and
en	is profyt abele
en	And Care must be
la	ix daies þer
en	y=e= telle by
en	it
en	one may understand
en	and to doe
en	fellowship of the
en	only in every large
en	make a
en	stomack to the
en	or Mace
en	hem
en	with
en	and land.
en	alto powdere,
en	of
en	of the principal
en	was thrown up
en	In
en	in his
en	it is probable
en	or
en	to use them:
en	a
en	mych rest, and
en	filmes
en	be auansed and
en	Pox
en	be tok Of
en	that are
en	fyer of
en	forth with
en	some
en	the heart,
en	arteries, and
en	reader better
en	his
en	hole in the top of
en	bere
en	and so driveth it
en	in
en	of the mynde
en	frut it is profyt
en	and certain Rules,
en	Breast
en	increase or mitigate
en	diuerse.
en	decide, in an affair
la	of þe fader and þe
en	whereas the
en	out
en	ocupacyon in her
en	taught to be
en	other lette
en	use
en	well to
en	Egge,
en	is
en	significacions
en	Disease
en	life of
en	her blod
en	is
en	to
en	produced by
la	acordeþ þe
la	Take þe herbe
en	that
en	all thy body,
la	þe science or þe
en	forth with a
en	Gout is
en	lengere as þei
en	Lungs
en	It ys
en	it alto
en	or Mace adding a
en	sangweyne
en	observing, what at
en	Gyle ys for to
en	in may be
en	superfluous choller
en	of Garden-Tansy,
en	parts which
en	hard matter to
en	so that
en	signes
en	a
en	the mynde his
en	some part or
en	me (though the sick
en	that dyed of
en	to averre
en	handful of
en	of superfluous
en	or
en	the lepner and the
en	saucefleme;
en	how
en	which had
en	o nyght
en	the washing
en	peculiarity of the
en	it
en	hot
en	it wyll
en	box, and such
en	driveth it forth
en	ayre be cleare
en	sal ly in.
en	dry especially box
en	Creature,
en	tell me (though the
en	there that we can
en	Of agret
la	þe science
en	takis
en	seems first
en	the right
en	feare it will bee
en	it
en	accident of a
en	the principal causes
en	kepyth
en	in the cavity of
en	Now, whatever be our
en	hit is y seyd by
en	may renne out;
la	All þe veynes I
en	sowkynge hare,
en	claims of the
en	had an
en	Saffron together, in
en	first five
la	at þe
en	This
en	take
en	trachia arteria do
en	observations made
en	it be wrang, And
en	significaciouns
la	þe fader
en	this, Experience has
en	and hit ys
en	certain Rules, or a
en	with hote metys
en	when
en	first
en	apply, as
en	I am
en	All
en	doe it, that
en	haue sayd als I hafe
la	til þou
en	make
la	to þe confeccion
en	untill the shell wax
en	As I
en	Al bowyd is
en	within
en	yn mych rest, and
en	sekenes so it is
en	Fraunce, hir broþer.
en	wyll
en	and
en	y=e= leuer takis
en	for
en	it lengere
en	other
en	Men-midwives
en	a good
en	bedene Yat
en	fyer of helle and
en	an Involution
la	feolþe may renne
en	bear
en	only
en	fond wrety~ in
en	or descent,
en	was hard & strang.
en	to
en	of some
en	to mention to
en	it is the
en	haue
en	of
en	obliges us to
en	strongly
en	þe þings with which
en	shell
en	matters to be
en	the
en	and way of life of
en	the braine
en	Persons,
en	us to averre
en	the
en	meant a tumor
en	wrongfully
en	in his neck
en	Let it sethe
en	keeping the
en	be seen,
en	galown of whyte
en	bodye, and hit
en	and
en	hande for
en	attentively
la	þe sonne and þe
en	& al for nought
en	speke.
en	downe
en	attribute angelica,
en	who are
en	are all hot and dry
en	lechys bedene
en	before we were aware
en	always appeared to
en	the chilosity
la	and 3ef þe seek
en	this,
la	vysage, þer
en	Clothes,
en	of this water,
en	those that in a
en	This
en	in
en	dangerous;
en	take it
en	only in every
en	that it will
en	power of
en	is
en	one kind
en	in general,
en	write
en	the power of
la	þei þat
en	togedyr in a
en	The thyrde
en	cleare and
en	to
en	knowne by the
en	four
en	who is hot and
en	Yat
en	therfor men that ben
en	He is
en	gyn~e
en	many
en	þryes or foure times
en	form
en	at all to be
en	vinegre of
en	so it
en	whiche seeth,
en	of that opinion.
en	to Quene Isabel of
en	name bar y=e= mest.
en	the iiij
en	principal causes
en	Involution of
en	meant a
en	are under the signes
en	frend, for the mater
en	of
en	into
en	than before
en	so betonye on
en	parts thereof, from
en	that we can find,
en	that Art: and
en	vnpower
en	ago I dissected
en	our attention.
en	parts which should
en	the
en	There was
en	situation,
la	þe furst
en	what
en	anoynte euery day
en	Involution
en	every one may
en	myght
en	That the Air
en	than
en	of local study
en	voyd
en	bren
en	probable
en	ony frut it
en	the
en	ny3e
en	saying, Sir
en	of the thing, and to
en	colour, and
en	And vaynes wyth
en	and calls
en	so
en	infants
en	is probable
en	So
en	thus much of
en	sayd
en	productive of
en	Fever, the which
en	and
en	of the Body of Man,
en	that I
en	the claims
en	colours
en	ache
en	box,
en	I desire
en	in an affair of so
en	by As I
en	and not
en	hote watur.
en	to
en	and in this I
en	of vomites wylt
en	the mynde
en	to the perfection of
en	of
en	to
en	in some
en	thing
la	to þe stomak, &~
en	herbs are all
en	Sope-Suds, and
en	power
en	ny3e rounde it is
en	so strongly
en	lechys bedene Yat
en	distention,
en	or bladders full of
en	castes
en	to be perceyued of
en	of
en	into that
en	an admirable head
en	be soon laid
en	And thus much of the
en	or six months
en	bodye, and
en	others of
en	a mannys bodye,
en	sort
en	celidoyne whos
en	our Houses,
en	helpe hem sylfen
en	whatever
en	or Pellicles
en	of
en	of ynglond, at
en	the
en	and run
en	them
en	man was
en	hawe bote,
en	what to increase or
en	and
en	hem leches.
en	and when hit is
en	clisteries, if
en	the power of the
en	all
en	stamp it
en	together, in
en	be
en	if
en	Y=t= in borwyng I be
en	I myght help
en	Mounpileris to Quene
en	to the
en	perceyued of
en	togedyr in a galown
en	only with
en	in
en	gain'd
en	of is þi
en	shoes, and
en	much
en	anoynte hit, as hit
en	nowe helyth
en	five or six months
en	are under the
en	This is yuel for
en	of known
en	hit were a
la	3yf þer
en	helpe
en	pray the for charite
en	is
en	meat
en	to attend to
en	the fyer of
en	Blode is
la	oþer
en	3if y=u= of
en	preier of ye kyng
en	measured:
en	Sir
en	feare it
en	kynde and of
en	Lobs, or Pellicles
en	it
en	blode, And
en	Liquor
en	passeth also
en	of blood that
en	in perchemyn:
la	þe y3en.
la	at þe preier
en	gret name
en	Saffron
en	what
en	face.
en	considered of þe
en	and
en	desire your opinion
en	if the
en	seems first to
en	humors, the
en	attend to the
en	be giffen for to
en	who
en	guard therefore
en	of þe þings with
en	apply, as instance
en	Embers
en	be
en	and dry in the
en	pore
la	þei
en	wyll
en	conducted.
en	the Guts.
en	that in
en	on but
en	nothing
en	(though the
en	distention, whereas
la	And 3yf þer
en	to be furnish'd with
en	norechyd on hem ony
en	others of our own
en	the Lungs passeth
en	hit
en	it will be
en	head
en	top of
en	the jurisdiction of
en	wykked sperytis
la	þer
en	Drink for
en	at all
en	adding a few drops
en	shell
en	may be
en	would do
en	other with some
en	be very dangerous;
en	and
en	some by way
en	to let blode
en	mynde
en	Veins, Sinews,
en	fe all be
en	is
en	made
en	handful
en	whom I took about 10
en	a judgment,
en	of the belly.
en	may change a
en	by the tide,
en	assistance
en	the left;
en	rupture, hernia,
en	be dene.
en	by
en	qualified to decide,
en	and keep it for use.
en	to tell
en	side, and
en	and
en	for
en	as Rich,
en	the
en	Isofagus of
en	al thes
en	of their ignorance)
en	other wounds
en	i.e.,
en	the
en	write to me a fewe
en	hit, as hit
en	to distroye many
en	diligently be
en	to
en	the eares be
en	to doe it,
en	veins and Arteries,
en	to gedre, and ley to
en	own health,
en	as his
en	were a mesel,
en	or parts which
en	in a galown of whyte
en	wylt hawe
en	the power of the
en	Betonye
en	grosse humour, i~
en	is yuel for
en	Tak aloen
en	may
en	not alone
en	in abok, Y=t= in
en	too too
en	that it will be soon
en	reason
en	me to mention to
en	suture
en	not, would do well
en	Y=t= many vertewys
en	it be
en	and moyst in
en	it,
en	bere Fro wykked
en	sonne
en	well already) what
en	us to
en	be taken
en	aloen and stamp
en	which had an
en	the Sun, as being
en	perceyued of þe
en	the Disease,
en	forth
en	hande for the
en	bedene Yat kepyth
en	as hit
en	parts put downe
en	productive
en	to comfort the
en	behoveth
en	is knowne by the
en	of secret passages
en	we breathe in
en	And
en	tide, having a
en	he
en	of a
en	time it
en	with a
en	it is
en	Body of Man, exactly
en	a comparative
en	greife in
en	or of
en	mi3t
en	Take
en	the object of this
en	and
en	increase or
en	wyne, and anoynte
en	four or five daies
en	and obliges us to
en	paine of
en	o nyght and
en	ben with childe
en	may be gain'd by a
en	write to me a
en	doth much
en	of these
en	to be
en	drinkys, and
en	medecynes
en	Sinews, Arteries,
la	þe fader and
en	accornys of okis.
en	this
en	purge
en	to decide, in
en	their
en	it, yet farther
en	which are
en	which curacioun or
en	and doctoris
en	schulde be norechyd
en	with Saffron; roast
en	heareth, but yet if
la	profitable to þe
en	made by
en	within
en	reason of
en	it will be soon
en	that thou write
en	I
en	me if it
en	I pray
en	of their
en	opinion of this
en	mesel, and
en	Also yf
en	a mesel, and when
en	quarts of
en	by
en	or
en	good smell
en	I myght
en	doe it, that every
en	drynk it w=t=
en	and taste and are
en	of a sowkyng
en	anoynte
en	by
en	or
en	that
en	observing, what
en	the subordinate, or
en	was
en	let blode
en	the stomack to the
en	frend, for
en	drinkys, and lyuoun
en	and bren it
en	first
en	To
en	the Urine)
la	ynglond, at þe
en	y=e= fe
en	of
en	disease,
en	the
en	at Queen-hythe, and
en	seeth, it is
en	is
en	a Child which had an
en	too
en	peculiarity of
en	seeth,
en	well
en	apply,
en	against that
en	make
en	if any infirmitie
en	seeing into that
en	of this Essay;
en	If you be sick
en	and doctoris aqua
en	bladders full
en	Y=t= many
en	what the Disease is;
en	Man wher of is þi
en	roast
en	thus
en	the yolk, and
en	inveterat, i.e.,
la	forsoþe þat
en	the
en	and obliges
en	of oyle of Cloues
en	and by attentively
en	kind or another are
en	encrease
en	y=u=
en	prepossest (by
en	forth certain
en	hare, or of
en	me
en	a sowkynge hare, or
en	falleth
en	þo þing with which
en	saying,
en	small
en	more, which Authors
en	head Purge, also
en	Puddle-dock by the
en	Filth,
en	arteria
en	encrease so
en	month ago a
en	Saltpeter, and
en	Who so betonye on
en	y=e= thovme is the
en	be contained in
en	both the first
en	euery
en	fe all be dene.
en	y seyd
en	ther is none
en	the Stomach, or to
en	the tide, having
en	and light, &
en	Things,
en	and the fyer
en	desire
en	o
en	with
en	as che
en	mawe
en	any thing but
en	anoynte hit,
en	of their life, are
en	Nature cannot bear
en	of these people;
en	& free
en	which
en	(though
en	of the meat
en	and though
en	to the Foot.
en	betonye on hym bere
en	has enabled to take
en	Sethe all togedyr
la	bowyd is þe rygge
en	the
en	is yuel
en	virtues to
en	any time gives rise
en	to digest, and
en	exercise,
en	whatever be our
en	contained in
en	I
en	by the patients
en	and
en	vertewys hath
en	the
en	& al
en	of vomites wylt hawe
en	a long and
en	lengere
en	hit is
la	is nedeful þat
en	in
en	the
en	at
en	Method how to use
en	in complexion
en	with the bloud,
en	thoght;For all
en	heareth, but yet
en	of the
en	that
en	fulnesse unto
en	is none jwys
en	inward with
en	At betonye I
en	It is an admirable
en	excellent
en	hem sylfen and
en	to
en	hewynes in
en	a
en	of the
en	I
en	a way in þe
la	syx dayes, þat
en	Sage,
en	mi3t haue
en	knawe
en	and flegm,
en	resist
en	together, and then
en	or add
en	vulgar sort are
en	and way of
en	Lungs is
en	of
en	five daies together,
en	thy
en	are
en	sethe
en	situation, and way
en	hafe it lengere as
en	wholesome,
en	any infirmitie
en	may the readier
en	advance or
en	Quid pro quo,
en	Sic
en	circum
la	Filium et
la	aures et
en	visum
en	Unaquaque die
en	tua~.
en	sanctus + sanctus
la	oleum inponatur et
en	+ sanctus
la	oleum et vinum
en	furno hoc
en	otia corpus,
en	Uxor, Mors, Pietas,
en	cum melle
en	fessaque membra
en	xp~e
en	coquatur.
la	cum oleo coque et
en	super
en	in saniorem
en	corpus, Sic
en	partibus gustabilem
en	cutem desiccat vel
la	in aqua coque et
en	non
en	ex qualibet
en	gaudet
en	capud inunge.
en	frigeat
en	surditas.
en	contra omnes
en	in
en	sutus/
en	ossa illisa
en	famuli tui
en	inde
en	qualiter
en	quantitatem
en	Lucidus &
en	Ignis ardens
en	simul in olla ad
en	Sequitur
en	sit in capite et
la	iii. guttas de urina
en	Tartareæ, Grana
en	Cur
en	trita cum
en	p~pici~
en	rupta fuerit in
en	bonum
en	cum ardet
en	+
en	Item
en	uricrisiarum,
en	olei
en	Item ruta trita cum
en	Hoc fiet
en	curant, contra
en	esto michi pcco~ri
en	infirmi infunde mane
en	& granum
en	occulo
en	iii. guttas
la	panniculum .i. est
en	cum aliqua
la	capud videtur sindi
en	non illa
en	Dies creticus vel
en	capitis
en	ter coque in
en	nec
en	veteri
en	fac coronam de
en	Ipse repertorem
en	et appone
en	ter coque
la	vinum misse et
en	res
en	creticus vel cretica
en	Item ne pili
en	aceto ad
la	primam puta esse
en	fuerit
en	caliditatis sciendum
en	sit sana, curabilis
en	sit tibi p~
en	pixide
en	est remedium
en	et
en	viuunt capitum,
en	feniculi, centum
en	sic in ollam,
en	contra venenum
en	strinxsisti
en	Iacea alba
en	inunge tempera.
en	curam, Inque cibo
en	et
en	excoriatam, ossa
en	albumen ovi
en	aqua
en	oleo facto de
en	Johannis
la	coronam de eodem et
en	et
la	sanguinem collige in
en	sed
en	pili nuncquam
en	ad Aemilianum
en	ceram mitte ea
en	'Ebrietas frangit
en	+ sanctus +
en	corpus, Vt
en	ceram mitte ea que
en	scaldynge virge
en	vel in alio
en	Juniperus
en	a rege
en	et ederam terrestrem
la	gutturis vel oris.
en	& sine
en	sic
en	ad
en	Carmen ad
la	caliditatis est
en	edere trita
en	tune dimitte
en	fetorem
en	sanguine tuo.
en	jejunare
en	pone in forti aceto
en	non cressent
en	optime sanat.
en	nobis debita nra~
en	carnem
en	si te non
en	et
en	infunde mane
en	tune
en	forti
en	cutanei.
en	tere
en	vt
en	aquam &
en	octo caliditatis/
en	emendare p~ gra~q~
la	gradus siccitatis &
en	herbam
en	sanat.
en	ad
en	folia vervene
en	pectus mundificant,
en	in
en	mundus
en	Et menta &
en	ullo medicamine,
en	da jejuno
en	capite
en	Castor gaudet
en	Septem grana
en	pulverez mitte
en	alterna requie
en	Christus vincit,
en	dicitur
en	herbam circa
en	remaneas
en	nascentur.
en	Dragancia femina
en	res habeat
en	ossis, ne
en	in furno
en	pulegium cum
en	mundificant,
en	que liquefacta,
en	ovi
en	cum bene
la	tange et pili
en	valebit ut
en	nos in sanguine
la	dicitur esse calida
en	libri .vi., quod
en	Caritate.
en	ac vulneri
en	facias
la	omne quod est'
en	nil pacior paciendi
la	De etate lune
en	fuit,
en	In noi~e
en	et infirmus per
en	s~
en	mitte ea que
la	primis pro oculis
en	in aceto et ita
la	capitis profundam et
en	absque ullo
en	cum exeat a
en	iterum
la	lune calida est et
en	Crocus Metallorum
en	et valebit
en	quantum
en	Secundus gradus
en	mellis, tantum
en	propria super
en	intret de ipso
en	de Secretis
en	comune sapore
en	caliditatis/ tune
la	sindi pro
en	& debet poni
en	illisa extrahunt
en	die apponatur.
en	nusq~
en	et calidam bibe.
en	omnia
en	ceram mitte
en	unum plaistrum
en	guttas
en	oui
la	per pannum et fac
en	illud quod fluit in
en	ad
en	terestrem,
en	lacrimam edere i.
en	super capud
en	reprimendas
en	capud purgandum
en	comune
en	Si plaga sit in
en	ad vitam, fine
en	de ipso et
en	cum sale
en	et
en	et cum eo capud
en	oleo roseo mixta
en	scabiem: Super
la	a lardo et butiro et
la	testam oui plenam
en	sit rite habitabilis
en	tertio gradu.
en	Pro
en	Contra surditatem:
en	ponere prodest, Sic
en	aquam & natans hoc
la	condiendo simul et
en	condiendo simul
en	cum
en	coronam de
la	est quando
en	et cum
en	secundus liber
en	p~ennis
en	dicta.
en	Mors, Pietas,
en	tolle illud quod
en	potuque modus
la	mvnius palme &
en	capud
en	iij.
en	lassum,
en	panniculum .i.
en	Selidonia cum
en	nonagesimo.
en	editus contra morbum
en	licium
en	et expelle
en	capud
en	Corporis &
en	mea.
en	j.
en	Deus meus,
en	viuunt
en	sit, gymnasiisque.
en	pili contrarii
en	esse calida in
en	rite habitabilis
en	claru~ vespere.
en	donant,
en	Ignis
en	misse
en	mitte
la	Pilulæ Angelicæ,
en	jus
la	acrem et cum exeat a
en	in cilijs oculorum.
la	primum capitulum:
la	ignis exeat de vase
en	ab pane
la	purgandum et vocem
la	acrem et cum exeat
en	mortario
en	unge.
en	sed nemo
en	et nares unge
en	prognatus
en	mitte
en	adiutor sis famulo
en	cum
en	intermittere
en	debita
la	misse et
en	calidam bibe.
en	est dies evasicuis
en	Item lacte
en	Postea
en	apponatur.
en	Quarta frigida
en	et acrem
en	cum
la	ipso et fac
en	fermentatum et
en	vertiginem:
en	oleo
en	Postea
en	ipso et
en	de mastic .ii.,
en	prodest,
en	fit sicut ignis
en	remedium
en	'Deridens
en	scabiem pustulas a
en	ignem
en	recentem angwillam
en	et in hora mortis
en	posteriori parte
en	longitudine
en	fac coronam
en	Tartareæ,
en	sanguine
en	vase pleno aque.
en	frigiditatis
en	modo fit
en	grauabunt.
la	medicinæ
en	qualibet die
en	et cum
en	pustulas a prurigine
en	Item
en	olla ad
en	regalis
la	frigiditatis et octo
en	ouorum testis, p.
en	bene biberit de
la	diem vel duos et
en	Quartus gradus
en	et cum exeat
en	est absque
en	absque
en	nuncquam
en	vel ix
en	Regnum
en	volo me emendare
en	medicamine,
en	confortant
en	+
en	bene degerit,
la	dicto et si absens
en	nos ab hoste p~tege.
en	trita timpora line.
en	et inde fac unum
en	aquam testam
en	Secundus
en	aceto ad narez
en	et
en	evasicuis ab
en	cum opus fuerit, da
en	a furno, pone
en	& mundus sit
en	duas
en	lardo
en	fortissimum acetum,
en	mort~ sacre p~ennis
en	in
en	super asspergatur,
en	famulo
la	Diues inaccessos vbi
en	et salem et
en	sit
en	pustulas a
en	nascantur:
en	scabiem pustulas
en	exeat a furno,
en	et
en	nascantur:
en	modo incipit de
en	mitte in aures
en	Ad
en	dm~ inuocabo.
en	radicem feniculi
en	mundificant, vocem
en	Item oleo facto de
en	'Domine Deus meus,
en	dorso vel spina.
en	si taga sit fracta
en	facto de nucibus
en	'flour-ben',
en	desiccat
en	testis,
en	et
en	corpus, Sic tua qu
en	lassum, si
en	natans hoc modo fit
la	lino et pone super
en	liber de Secretis
la	rutam et feniculum
en	curabilis.
en	primam
en	sit,
en	'vincat
en	Accipe viride
en	edere i.
en	passione
en	Item ad
en	auxungia veteri
la	tui + agios +
en	Ad capud purgandum.
en	artis,
en	indutum lintheo
en	De condicionibus
en	extrahere illesis.
en	est cum
en	de eodem et
en	Folia
la	bene tritam et cum
en	cilijs
la	coque et
en	et
en	pulegium
en	D~ne
la	aqua coque et
en	fac
en	aquam & desuper.
en	vase locato prout
en	agios
en	ponatur
en	coccliaria
en	capiant vitium
en	facialis preciosa
en	calidum,
en	fracta
en	prodest, Sic sine
en	plenam
en	ne sanies
en	exeat
la	capite et fracta sit
en	Calcis ex ouorum
en	sit fracta cum nuce:
en	faciendum bonum
en	facias per
en	a
en	tactabilis
en	sana,
en	de
en	equali pondere.
en	pili
en	super
en	dolores: Folia edere
en	vulneris tange
en	ranam in
en	set
en	illesis.
en	mundant.
en	quod priusquam
en	hora mortis
en	quot viuunt
en	bibat nisi
en	prodest, Sic
en	non est.
en	in
en	fine ad vitam,
en	inpressis in
en	oculis Aqua
en	igne ut
en	scabiem:
en	et non cressent
en	simul & anfert
en	super
en	succum eius adde
en	le
en	cere
en	poni super
la	cum sale et
en	fracta cum nuce:
en	Quod caret
en	& desuper.
la	et butiro et oleo
en	et curabitur
la	nos in sanguine tuo.
en	de urina propria
en	coctum tibi
en	inter carnem &
en	et humida.
en	fumus terrae in
la	de modo orandi deum
en	Resspice celodonie
en	mellis.
la	lyngnum abietis et
en	sutus/ fallax/
en	per diem vel
en	libri regalis
en	et sexdecem
en	priusquam
en	primo
en	crescit
en	caveat hiis
en	esse calida
en	renum curant,
en	& granum juniperii
en	Dimitte nobis
en	'Pede super colles
en	rutam, abrotanum,
en	exibit.
en	et iterum
en	syropis potus enim
en	Item oleo
en	clarificandam et
la	qui pre nimio dolore
en	fuerit, ceram mitte
en	inunge.
en	fuit, sic
en	de
en	aquam & natans
en	quod
en	est mensuram ponere
en	Ex his
en	audax/
en	neque sit, nec
en	qua~do habeat
en	instet
en	trita ossa illisa
en	Fulmine Phbigenam
en	si
en	omniam
en	Corporis & debes
la	sanctus est
en	pacientis.
en	Item
en	Bibe betoniam et
en	Et
en	co~tine~tia
en	et postea cola
en	collum ligatam
en	palme & debet poni
en	Explicit Liber
en	commedat
en	et fracta sit
la	simul et postea
en	Inque
en	poni super aquam &
en	de igne ut
en	tuo.
en	et aceto et
en	potuque
en	Lucos,
en	siccate
en	&
en	& natans
en	Lucidus & mundus sit
en	id est fluxus
en	cum
en	trita
en	firment
en	pone super
en	sanctus +
en	fractura
en	tunc
en	in
en	sciendum
la	ossa et
en	'Sicut ad omne
en	visum donant,
en	Item folia
en	caveat hiis diebus
en	tuas d~ne co~mendo
en	de
en	simul
en	in ipso hiatu ossis,
en	Mors,
en	seledonia
en	aporimatibus;
en	potus
en	viride
en	mortem.
en	tantum
en	agios +
en	coronam
en	pectus
en	est labile corpus,
en	Vt ignis exeat
en	cerebrum, sensus
en	nucibus
en	vbi Solis
la	cum oleo et aceto
la	trita et capiti
en	secundo gradu.
en	capitis
en	caliditatis
en	& artis,
en	in alio
en	Item ruta trita
en	occulo famuli tui
en	aliquo vase locato
en	vocatur apegalle.
en	fracta sit taga,
en	cum
en	frigida
en	tui +
la	et quattuor
la	de jure erbarum et
en	in furno
en	aquam
en	et calidam
en	dolore:
en	pili nascantur:
en	septem.
en	ab omnibus salcis.
en	horror':
en	sanctus + sanctus
la	homo sanus.
en	Corporis
en	caret alterna requie
en	facto de
en	aer, Infectus
en	caliditatis/
en	cum
en	Item
en	aceto ad narez pone
en	vt
en	otia corpus, Vt
en	Item centauriam in
en	sanctus
en	centum
en	centauriam
en	de
en	vel lardi a linthe
en	'Domine Deus
en	Experimentum
en	et distempera
en	de Burdegalia editus
la	lingni et admisse
en	Miserere mei p~pt~
la	gradus est
en	De humana natura.
la	ad omne quod est
en	Tere agrimoniam
en	in aere sed
en	Item centauriam
en	me_ra, vereremmus.
en	lune
en	manus
en	confice sic in
en	item acerimo
en	sume,
en	nichil bibat nisi
en	siliginis acerino
en	Johannes de
en	in
en	imperat.
en	operitur,
en	coque in
en	Oleum Siriacum
en	et ita ter coque
en	agios
en	capitulum:
en	fluit
en	manus tuas d~ne
en	valebit
en	Explicit
en	lacrimam
en	dicitur
en	Capillos tunde,
en	in
en	minuit iactantia
en	Ego
en	ad vertigines at
en	commedat paciens
en	est dies
en	ne sanies iruens in
la	quantum de jure
en	cum
en	expelle ossa
en	croceiq~
la	uvulae et organorum
en	capitis.
en	bonum entret.
en	Valetudo,
en	panem
en	tunde, deinde mundum
en	est.
en	et liberabitur.
en	Et
en	terestrem, trifolium
la	Filium et Spiritum
en	tu
en	curant,
en	syropis potus
en	m~
en	capud tuum.
en	aurem surdi
en	recentem
en	surdi
en	iruens in juncturas
la	tua qu
la	frigiditatis et duas
en	agrimoniam et
en	urbs
en	a furno, pone in
en	debes
en	butiro
en	deperit omne
en	ruta trita
en	ne
en	Et menta
en	mentes suas
en	ame~.
en	Hoc fiet lassum,
en	Et cum
en	ac
en	animalibus
en	primi libri
en	agios +
en	et
en	qu
en	quattuor
en	libri
en	calida in
en	illa
en	Phbigenam stygias
en	diebus a lardo
en	scaldynge virge quod
en	'Domine
en	et
en	agrimoniam
en	saniorem
en	qualitas
en	loco corporis:
en	D~ne ihu~
la	ossa petrosa
en	planetarum in embryo
en	modo incipit
en	testam
en	de nucibus
en	Explicit primus
en	Item folia vervene
en	frigiditatis
en	est
en	dolore
en	acrem et
en	et vinum
en	agios
en	Solis filia
la	frigiditatis et
en	creticus vel
en	in
en	asspergatur,
en	quod priusquam in
en	Si
en	tempera unge.
en	tunc tolle
la	famulo tuo .N. sicud
en	primus liber
en	D~ne ihu~ redemisti
en	in
en	paralisim
en	oleo
en	ossa
en	equo pondere,
en	+
en	cerebrum,
en	radicem
en	studiorum
en	passione
la	Ebrius hausit aquas:
en	in kaluris
en	per Patrem
la	aliquantulum super
en	Item trifolium
la	et salem et oleum
en	habeat
la	nimio dolore quasi
en	Incipit
en	ea lava capud
en	adjungatur lento.
en	equis, ouo prognatus
en	te, infirmitas, per
en	simul tere
en	super ignem in
la	+ agios + agios +
la	Hæc
la	tritam et cum
en	De spermate hominis
en	odoratibus
en	maculam ab occulo
en	gradu.
en	bibe.
en	Experimentum si
en	morbus epidemialis
en	mane
la	profundam et si
en	clarifecant,
en	ad spissitudinem
en	bullire quousque
la	Secunda calida et
en	Parisiensis Explicit
en	et indutum lintheo
en	in vase
en	&
en	Diues inaccessos
en	Cur moritur
en	lepram
en	famuli tui +
en	absinthei sume,
en	eo capud
en	p. iij.
en	vita
en	sciunt,
en	Selidonia
en	cum ardet tolle
en	oleo et
en	si capud
en	puluis
en	cum
en	colles pedes
la	olens fætore cloacæ.
en	et
en	& debes non
en	Item ruta
en	minta trita
en	contra morbum
en	tuum.
en	appone albumen ovi
en	tua.
en	grauiter peccasse.
la	dicitur esse
en	de Burdegalia
en	nucibus maioribus
en	poterit mundari,
en	vena concava.
en	ad lepram exposites
en	Jus absinthei sume,
en	Hic sutus/
en	albumine
en	mei
en	gymnasiisque.
en	Item sume
en	et
en	ederam in
en	plenas
en	et
en	ihu~ xp~e Ego
en	Item
la	coque in aqua et
en	calida
en	ad capud
en	avalitum
en	Domine,
en	ex ouorum
en	Si nucem poterit
en	& syropis potus
en	Capillos
en	aceto et oleo
en	illiniatur.
en	Fratres, Parentes,
en	nra~
la	sua quemq~
en	herbam circa collum
en	timpora
en	contra omnes capitis
en	farine
en	tuas d~ne
en	vincula mea.
en	ponatur in saniorem
en	Ignis ardens super
en	appone
en	plaga sit in
en	natans hoc
en	p~ amara
en	nos
en	trita
la	oleum et vinum misse
en	ne pili contrarii
la	excoriatam, ossa et
en	lokechestre
la	ponatur in furno et
en	lepram exposites
en	capitis dolores:
en	agios + agios
en	cum
en	Quartus
la	probatum est.
en	abibit'
en	furno,
en	et
en	verbum,
en	sic
en	ipso hiatu
en	famuli
en	in capite:
en	in vino coctam et
en	coniunctione
en	deperit omne quod
en	iruens
en	tenet horror':
en	pcco~ri
en	sale et
la	capitis qui
en	aceto
la	tui + agios + agios
en	ab infirmitate
en	est
en	de (missione)
en	.ii., cere .ii.,
en	Regnum mutatur,
Prediction array: [0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0]