en	Disease,
en	taught to
en	stampe hem
en	it,
en	ladyes prest Y=t=
en	is profyt
en	parts put downe
en	Aboue
en	y=e= leuer
en	bren it alto
en	first to require
en	these people; and by
en	all hot and dry
en	fellowship of
en	thovme is the
en	likewise of
en	make a good
en	helyd or cured be
en	BY
en	or beyng.
en	our own
la	þou
en	mi3t haue
en	The true causes of
en	of women
en	and
en	may
en	prest
en	more confirmed by
en	hit is saucefleme;
en	body clene, Who so
en	als I hafe sens;
en	a judgment, not
en	a hole
en	of
en	been of
en	and
en	and local
en	up at
la	þe maistrie of
en	if the poores and
en	a poor
en	consideration
en	is good for
en	or with the
en	life, are
la	it is nedeful þat þe
en	of Liquor measured:
en	if any
en	discovery of
en	tok Of agret ladyes
en	as
en	flegm, the
en	purgis
en	mater
en	am
en	is the
en	made by antepasyn
en	neck near his
en	of
en	complexioun and
en	body
en	shall be able to
en	I graunt it is the
en	of each a
en	confirmed by
en	me
en	Garden-Tansy, as
en	and do
en	rupture, hernia,
en	the fyer of Sodom.
en	his
en	And excuse
en	whom I
en	to
en	so much
en	sekenes
en	hit,
en	haue nowe tolde That
en	but
la	þe seed
en	doth
en	seen
en	a
en	measured:
en	productive
en	take þereof the
la	and þe
en	I
la	and þo þing
en	vysage, þer hit
en	kynde makyng of
en	power of the
en	ayleth,
en	was writen
en	attribute angelica,
en	of betonye
en	a
en	pray the
en	To knawe
en	the infants that are
en	passeth Isofagus
en	it
en	and in this
en	of vnpower to huyre
en	form
en	only with
en	doth continue four
en	will break and
en	Y=t= in borwyng I
en	Take an Egge, make a
en	to take it or not,
en	the
en	me, presents me
la	þey
en	beth vnkonnyng
en	mych rest,
en	reason
en	or
en	Poor as Rich, to be
en	hafe
en	Let ayre
en	health, and
en	near
en	as
en	mater was
en	calls the
en	was thrown up
en	when þey
en	in
en	as che purgis che
en	ma~nys body clene,
en	it,
en	accordingly
en	am more confirmed
en	passages
en	thing but what is
en	white, and the yolk,
en	shell and Saffron
en	medicine til
en	fore an syx
en	of the
en	colour, and
en	Y=t= in borwyng I be
en	mych rest, and þey
en	of the mynde
en	of this
la	Nero as it acordeþ
en	it, and what
en	run forth, and
en	as much Sage, and
en	at any time
en	the
en	norysched
en	the peculiarity of
en	a
la	þis medicine til
en	a deep wound in
en	lepner and the fyer
en	that I feare it
en	medecynes
en	as instance
en	paine, which by
en	and
en	water,
en	with childe
en	beyng
en	though nature be
en	an admirable head
en	left
la	þe connyng of
en	stampe hem to
la	foure times þe
en	vayne
en	others of our
en	that every well
en	matters to be seen,
en	reason of
en	almost
en	And Care must be
en	with
en	from faultes, That
en	hem
en	so
en	che purge er che
en	powdere, medell
en	pryde
en	all Things, that may
en	bedene Yat
en	Isofagus
en	be tok Of
en	least paines are
en	saying, Sir I desire
en	having
en	cannot bear
en	hy~
en	other small matters
en	subject seems
en	not to
en	to
en	plente of blood that
en	the Body
en	Bones,
en	also an
en	the mater
en	dominion
en	the following
en	thing, and to doe
en	within
en	wyl y=e= telle
en	to take
en	ys sayd
la	þe name of
la	write þes
en	study
en	drops of oyle of
en	notis and accornys
en	and anthepasyn ys
en	or
en	this
en	to
en	and ocupacyon
en	be
en	is a greife
en	for
en	&~ letuse, and
en	wyth
en	suture is
en	which curacioun or
en	gives
en	hit wol breke
en	of
en	of the
en	comfort the heart,
en	gost; and
en	Y=t= many
en	tolde That clensen
en	it w=t= water
en	diligently be
en	to form a
la	his mouþe and
en	yf the sekenes be
en	nedeful
en	with which it is
en	that I feare it will
en	a greater antiquity
en	are mych
la	þat þey be of
en	Betonye
en	jurisdiction of the
en	seen to remove
la	elementz aftre þe
en	is
en	decide, in an affair
en	so it
en	of
la	seek wyþ
en	well
en	of a Fever, the
en	of drye
en	to be
en	which
en	of good
en	it is
en	are ruptured
en	it be
en	was
en	the purport
en	be
en	the Arme;
en	hy~
en	falling down
en	any time gives
en	Cancer and
en	and parts
en	be
en	hawe
en	both yonge
en	sort are so
en	foure times
en	great accident of a
en	appeared to
en	out, anoynte hit, as
la	þe
en	Also this
en	this paine
en	not only of
en	an excellent and
en	ys clepid amongyste
en	flesh to fulfill
en	and grateful to the
en	seeth, it is the
en	take þe
en	into
en	make a
en	shall be
en	is the power of the
en	I feare it
en	or
en	ayre be cleare and
en	And as son as che
en	the which commonly
en	þis medicine
en	are
la	þe same
en	are
en	stomak, &~ vse þis
en	Sage,
en	life,
en	always appeared
en	an hard
en	alto powdere, medell
en	box who is hot
en	people; and
en	those
en	of oyle of Cloues
en	of the
en	enough, and
en	parties age, with
en	that I
en	This has always
en	is none
en	the veines, and
en	too well
en	bowyd
en	therfor
la	þei swelliþ, and
en	greater antiquity
en	the
en	be
en	leuer takis harme.
en	in the cavity of
en	mynde which heareth,
la	to þe stomak, &~ vse
en	be wrang, And excuse
en	to digest,
en	of women to be
en	to use
en	shoes,
la	þe
en	appeared
en	take out the
la	þe fader and
en	to others of our own
en	top of it, take out
en	of
en	smell
en	is
en	general, and on what
en	is
en	a few
en	fode, Some
en	Things,
en	judge of
en	childe ore
en	is the
la	wyþ
en	dispossesse them of
en	the
en	18 months ago
en	of some part
en	and irksome to
en	repleat unto the
en	synggyng
en	mynde his
en	other
en	propriety
en	sayd
en	helle and the
en	oyle of Nutmegges,
en	man was thrown up at
en	doe it, that
en	abundance
en	and the
en	appeared to me
en	forgif me if it be
en	so betonye
en	mynde whiche seeth,
en	age, with
en	rupture,
en	I graunt
en	BY the
en	apply, as instance
en	Saturn whereas the
en	vulgar sort are
en	þat che purge er
en	Now, whatever be our
en	were.
en	our
en	box, and
en	advance or add
en	aloen and stamp it
en	the
en	ruptured within the
en	science or
en	part or parts
en	frut it is
en	in complexion
en	ben
en	seen to
en	goldyn
en	bodye, and
en	Arteries,
en	the
en	schulde be norechyd
en	to
en	own health, and
en	the
en	the herbs are
en	and answeres.
en	thou write to
en	what plan, it
en	of the
en	the voyd places.
en	help pore folk
en	Air
en	descending,
en	meant
en	the principal causes
en	it, take
en	of the
en	a
en	question under the
en	wol
en	the perfection of
la	After ix daies þer
en	face.
en	it, and
en	hafe
en	removed; our
en	to tell me (though
en	y=u= of vomites
en	and irksome
en	wyl y=e= telle by
en	all be
en	it
en	Also yf the sekenes
en	be
en	quarts
en	attention.
en	which
en	fode,
en	haue sayd
en	run forth, and many
la	þat
en	viz. three on
en	and
en	sayd as
en	Brother I pray
en	for
en	hot bodies.
en	to mention
en	I could instance
en	and issues
en	the
en	may renne
en	to take it
en	an hard matter
en	and parts thereof,
en	and
en	the vaynes to
en	to
la	oþer
en	the
en	Medicine for
en	five daies
en	so
en	wel,
en	local
en	on but
en	or of a
en	It
en	signes Cancer and
en	in
en	and
en	thou write to me a
la	þe
en	and not
la	if þou take þe mawe
en	furst
en	to render the
en	frende Nero as
en	mi3t
en	with hewynes in
en	planet
en	by
en	of seyunte Gyle
en	twice
en	wastyd.
en	wyll
en	rounde it is
en	only with Saffron;
en	of Nutmegges, or
en	of life of
en	hot and moyst in
en	the eares be
la	of þe fader and
en	with which
la	profyt abele þat
en	whiche
la	of þe
en	ny3e rounde it
en	desire
en	or foure times
en	and though nature be
en	those that in
en	one
en	as
en	letuse, and
en	dry especially
en	deep wound in
en	to others
en	Air we breathe
en	so
en	blode,
la	þe rygge so
en	and shoes, and
en	half a pint of this
en	much Sage, and twice
en	helyng schal be
en	elementz
en	stronge
en	the sexe, the
la	redy þe place
en	rote,
en	with hote
en	many other
en	is the power of the
en	mynde which
en	the thing, and
en	rebukes
en	yet
en	poor
en	and keep it for
en	a
en	of okis.
en	I haue sayd
en	beat
en	is
en	auansed and
en	trachia arteria do
en	of helyng or curyng
en	that Nature cannot
en	A treatise
en	be removed; our
en	laboure
en	was hard &
en	Queen-hythe,
en	of this water, and
en	Bones, Veins,
en	10
en	with some
en	ony frut it
en	and to render
en	and stamp it and
en	with childe ore þat
en	all
en	clysters.
en	term rupture,
en	fellowship
en	a
en	all Persons, as well
en	Nature has
en	Body
en	by the tide,
en	wax yellow;
en	answeres.
en	and about a
en	Þis
en	er che conseyue to
en	There being not so
en	many infirmiteys
en	in his
en	all togedyr in a
en	complexioun and be
en	vital spirits and
en	to
en	forth certain
en	but
en	of the
en	Essay; where by
en	the Members,
en	the eyes, if
en	blod
en	may change
en	Urine, saying, Sir
en	write to me
en	and
en	hit is
en	that
en	be conducted.
en	yn mych rest,
en	to helpe hem
en	of
en	to be perceyued of
en	And 3yf þer schulde
en	averre a
en	local study and
en	matters to
en	the braine are
en	the mynde
en	or
en	she
en	alone sufficient
en	own
en	in some by way
en	your opinion of this
en	to distroye many
en	found necessary,
en	me (though the
en	hot and dry
en	humors,
en	of it,
en	power of
en	that
en	furnish'd with
en	Drink half
en	not alone
en	is
en	clensen men,
en	This has
en	and
en	also
en	of
en	perfection
en	hote
en	be
en	agret
en	Arteries, and all
en	which by reason of
en	infirmiteys with
en	tumor produced
en	&~
en	3if y=u= of
en	be dene.
en	fell into
la	For spotes et
en	the
en	veines,
en	half
en	moyst in
en	and calls the
en	yuel
en	be inveterat,
en	take
en	as well Poor as
en	comyn
en	not, would
en	A
en	to doe it,
en	this disease, what
en	eat any thing but
en	a man was thrown
en	moist in
en	it in his mouþe
en	of blood that
en	the readier judge
en	helyng or curyng
en	and
en	demonstrating
en	other things,
en	kept
en	I myght help pore
en	handful
la	þo þing
en	stampe hem to gedre
en	me a fewe
en	lyuoun yn mych rest,
la	at þe
en	Also the well
en	Chymicall doth much
en	procure this paine
en	and synggyng
en	ther is
en	curacioun or
en	is knowne by
en	Head to the Foot.
en	the fyer
en	should naturally be
en	of secret
en	of the
en	complexioun and
en	could
en	glandulus flesh to
en	beat them
en	of
en	Air we
en	thing but what
en	And
en	matters
en	much importance, as
en	women to be
en	ben
en	After ix
en	of
en	and on what
en	charite that thou
en	and bren it
en	but likewise
en	a
en	much Sage,
en	y seyd
en	nowe
en	as
en	Now,
en	redy.
en	it
en	patients complaints
en	and hit ys
en	beyng of kynde and
en	is;
en	þryes or foure times
en	anoynte
en	ix daies
en	and alsone he
en	Mounpileris to Quene
en	bruises; had
en	of a Hydrops,
en	in
en	Experience
en	Nourishment,
en	help pore
en	to the
en	may cause
en	fe
en	it
en	frute and flours
en	five Lobs,
en	will be
en	it, that
en	prove, that every
en	in a
en	farther
la	þat þe science or þe
en	moneth oones,
en	the vaynes
en	half a pint of
en	is so broken
en	our Houses, and
en	descending, the
en	y=e= thovme is
en	Blode
la	at þe preier
en	Saffron together,
en	by a
en	passeth all the
en	it and do it
en	head Purge, also
en	huyre hem leches.
en	the skynne is bowen
en	of
en	and dry especially
en	the Sun,
en	untill the shell wax
en	ago I dissected
en	to
en	of
en	or Pellicles
en	Sir I desire your
en	Let ayre be
en	there that we
en	their offending
la	þe seed sal
en	of betonye rote,
en	in myddis the Arme;
en	that
en	communicated
en	water
en	gain'd by a
en	strong
en	any
en	Poor as Rich,
la	þe preier
en	soleynge with
en	be wrang, And
en	that thou
en	practice, and
en	of the mynde
en	mention
en	and alsone he shalle
en	Stomach,
en	continuing a
en	the sexe,
en	and hit wol breke
en	signes
en	and
en	be examined for
en	and twice
en	half a pint
en	I
en	box
en	subordinate,
en	to the
en	heart, arteries, and
en	the fyer of
en	grekys fyer
en	any grosse
en	with
en	Al bowyd is þe
en	fill the shell
en	that
en	and stampe
la	as þei þat be
en	which it is helyd
en	it, take out
la	as þei þat be of
la	þei
en	Egge, make a
en	About 18 months ago
en	That clensen
en	preier of ye kyng of
en	in
en	anoynte euery
en	was some other
en	the consideration
en	By it passeth all
en	Method how to
en	in a galown of
en	and obliges us to
en	some by way
la	þe
en	This disease
la	þe confeccion
en	what plan, it can
en	Take
en	vnpower to
en	maner swete
en	gedre, and
en	this paine of
en	partie know that too
la	and write þes
en	be
en	& al
en	of nobill
en	being not so
en	a tumor produced
en	this I am more
en	And drynk
en	with many other such
en	fell into the
en	by & by As I fond
en	Gallons
en	& free from
en	may be wholesome,
en	(by the
en	oyle of
en	mannys complexion.
en	spoken
en	telle by & by As
en	AS sutures
en	hem to gedre, and
en	Disease; and
en	hote metys and
en	day þryes
en	aloen and stamp
la	þe sonne and þe holy
en	plan, it
en	et
en	the top of it,
en	made,
en	malignity, we
en	membre
en	Arme;
en	time it doth
en	that
en	I pray
en	to
en	helyng or curyng and
en	parts thereof,
en	clene, Who
en	qualified to
en	ys made
en	in two quarts of
en	month ago a Child
en	in some
en	that
en	there
en	abele to
en	under
en	curacioun or helyng
en	as hit were a mesel,
en	nothing
en	and amongst other
en	I feare
en	or curyng
en	under the dominion
en	the parties
en	viz. three
en	for
en	of this treatise to
en	kynde and
en	wrongfully apply,
en	good smell and
en	nothynge at
en	do
en	Ale.
en	there that
en	Nature
en	lechys
en	hit
en	plants are
en	be contained in
en	falleth
en	may
en	already) what
en	being the
en	notis and
en	every large wound,
en	people; and by
en	will be soon laid
en	betonye on
en	but
en	an
en	hit ys made
en	of
en	Sun, as being of a
en	a deep
en	me (though
la	For spotes et oþer
en	Being
en	or
en	plants are without
en	profitable
en	place
la	þat þe seed sal ly
en	mony other
en	sutures of one kind
en	mawe of a
en	graduation,
en	is yuel
en	of a good smell and
en	many
en	A barge-man fell
en	whereas the body
en	the
en	the first
en	for the mater was
en	lette gude
en	well
la	and þo
en	apowdyr
en	of this Essay; where
en	claims
en	al
en	thy body, in
en	do
en	excellent and
en	whos frute and
en	viz. three on the
en	concerning
en	Sir
en	whatever be
en	Mace adding a few
en	Contagious Disease;
en	and all
en	The
en	to Quene Isabel of
la	þe significacions
en	veines, and
en	in general, and
en	sere frend, for the
en	such
la	þe connyng
la	þey hafe þis
la	þe sekenes so it is
en	infants that are
en	abele
en	3e, And
en	& strang.
en	purport
en	to
en	white, and
la	þey
en	can best be
en	purgis che is abele
en	must
en	sufficient to the
en	rise to this
en	alto
la	to þe confeccion
en	very
en	filmes of the
en	attend
en	unto
en	find, it being
la	aftre þe
en	in two quarts
en	not only in every
en	be auansed
en	a stroke and not
en	infirmiteys
en	This is good
en	y=e=
en	a month ago a
en	I dissected a
en	matter to
en	the for charite that
en	accornys of okis.
en	take it
la	þe science or
en	tyl halfe be wastyd.
en	folk that
en	it is the power of
en	and bren
en	lyuoun yn
en	smell of
en	seeth, it is
en	month ago
en	principal
en	importance, the
en	gyn~e Y=t=
en	Mace adding
en	I dissected
en	accornys
en	is hot
en	handful of
en	it, and
en	Gyle
en	I
en	so it is nedeful
en	pray the for
en	in the
en	seyd
en	parts thereof, from
en	a
en	and there passeth
en	body
la	syx dayes, þat
en	and
en	all these
en	find, it being the
en	sayd as wer contrare
en	the
la	vse þis medicine til
en	3if y=u= of vomites
en	a Method how to
la	rygge so þat
en	every one
en	be
la	þis medicine til þou
en	a judgment, not only
en	is the power
en	rupture, hernia, or
en	both yonge &
en	ynglond, at
en	a
en	þis purgacyoun
en	our exercise, those
en	About 18 months
en	plente of blood
en	to
en	to gedre wel,
en	pound, beat them
en	And
en	those
en	and lyuoun yn
en	five
en	was drowned.
en	near his windpipe,
en	examined for
en	arteria do
en	sick partie
en	to attend to the
en	much of
en	an
en	not alone sufficient
en	þi pryde ther is
en	word concerning
en	and of
en	Y=t=
en	wastyth.
en	knawe the vaynes
en	clerkes
en	curacioun
en	and
en	hole
en	and light, &
en	as his own
la	mouþe and
en	don
en	assistance
en	from the stomack to
la	to þe stomak, &~
en	White-wine, or
en	of
en	with oyle of
en	y3en.
en	not
en	we were
en	is nedeful
la	þe vysage, þer hit
en	overload the
en	offending
en	every
en	stomak, &~
en	can discern
en	stronge vinegre of
en	males.
en	breke out, as
en	There being not
en	character, residing
en	and are of
en	calcin'd, Saltpeter,
en	on the
en	passeth all
en	well
en	fore an
en	maistrie
en	Sun,
en	some
en	the
la	feolþe may
en	ago
en	sothy~ yese
en	the disease, from
en	must be
en	Essay; where
en	dissected a poor
en	must be taken not to
en	medell
en	very
en	and life,
en	upon it, both at sea
en	vse 3e, And mony
en	and taste
en	and taste and
en	or protrusion
en	che
en	and then
la	þe lech
en	and when hit
en	paines are
en	this
en	fellows.
en	For to make a
en	has always
en	renne
en	Sage, and
en	3e,
en	mynde whiche seeth,
en	and
en	metys
en	In equity, by a
en	be stopped & beseged
en	none
en	are under the
en	herbs are all hot
la	forsoþe
en	ladyes prest Y=t= of
en	al thes may
en	and hit wol
en	grieued part
en	wher of is þi pryde
en	paine of distention.
en	For to make
en	in abok, Y=t=
en	sekenes
en	Urine, saying, Sir I
en	another are
en	accident
en	those that in a
en	kyng
en	vaynes wyth al
en	of al thes
en	pint of this Morning
en	own
en	each
en	name of þe
en	myght help pore folk
en	and vaults.
en	the term
en	to the perfection
en	know that too too
en	and be norysched
en	women to be much
en	of Nutmegges,
en	a good smell and
en	it
en	al thes may change a
en	Take lynseed
en	to be
en	collar of
en	the top
en	with a great
en	and then cometh
en	the
en	Streets
en	of the Body of Man,
en	it
en	Sulphur, of each a
en	of relegion purge
la	þe feolþe
en	trachia arteria
en	readier
en	Aboue y=e=
en	hem
en	I wyl y=e=
en	Alle
en	sea and
en	form a judgment,
en	Art: and
en	After ix daies
en	all to
en	much
en	&~ letuse,
en	and
en	the power
en	vaynes, vse 3e, And
la	oþer sekenesse
en	when
en	encrease so much,
en	y=e= telle by
en	is A
en	be gain'd by a
en	in myddis the
en	into
en	medical
en	Houses, and Streets
en	arteries,
en	me to
en	in his kynde
en	and moist in
en	observing, what at
en	seeth,
en	Also the Gout
en	as hit were a
en	yet if
en	be seen,
en	taught
en	and ocupacyon in her
en	y=e= fe all
en	bedene Yat kepyth
en	antiquity of
en	and
en	and
en	same
en	celidoyne
en	our attention.
en	and hit ys made in
en	to the following
en	he shalle
la	wyþ hote
en	and therfor men
en	large wound, but in
en	seen,
en	yn mych rest, and
en	long
en	with this
en	for plente of blood
en	well to
en	they haue.
en	wyse.
en	six months of
en	so
en	hym
en	gullet, with
en	together,
en	I am
en	break
en	þis
en	Take lynseed &~
en	be much seeing into
en	Nutmegges, or
en	good
en	ache seed,
en	to them.
en	good entret.
en	of
en	much as one word
en	eyes, if
en	Let it
en	their life,
en	Head to the
en	mest.
en	the
en	many
en	only
en	that we can find, it
en	Stomach, or to
en	is cleer
en	top
en	things, the smell
en	hafe sens;
en	Aboue y=e= thovme is
en	ys
en	warme.
en	to make clene
la	þe herbe
en	liues fode, Some
en	another are found
en	and Night.
en	be sick after
en	and the
en	moyst in his
la	maistrie of þe furst
en	and comyn
en	helle and the grekys
en	and paynted colours
en	substance of
en	and flours
en	ys sayd as
en	gedre wel, and 3ef
en	holy gost;
en	or Pellicles viz.
en	the thing, and to
en	is made,
en	is the purport
en	and
en	be cleare
en	should diligently be
en	many vertewys
en	be norysched
en	hathe the
en	put downe their
en	by
en	power of the mynde
en	be giffen for to be
en	& soleynge
en	an affair
en	lech mi3t haue al
en	always
en	and vital spirits
en	in almost
en	w=t=
en	by a long
en	Sethe
en	but what is of
en	abele
en	&~ vse þis medicine
en	life, is the
en	month
en	o
en	it lengere
en	the sick partie know
en	charite that
en	ana, stampe hem to
en	it being
en	stoke repleat
en	Lungs passeth
en	with
la	þat þe science
en	the influence
en	that opinion.
la	so þat ny3e
en	This is good for
en	in complexion ben
en	and whatever
en	moist in his
en	and synggyng and
en	veines, and sinewes,
en	al for
en	right side, and
en	knowne by the
en	dry
la	place þat þe seed
en	3e that wyll
en	falling down or
en	or
en	aware
en	on hym
en	smells, be
en	their
en	shalle speke.
en	arteries, and
en	potabilis and
en	beseged
en	observing,
en	the sick
en	had
en	in a mannys bodye,
en	Gout is
en	be perceyued of
en	lynseed and comyn
en	causes productive
en	aqua potabilis
en	the gullet,
en	is
la	his mouþe
en	þing
en	that are
en	by the tide, having
en	of rysyng
en	much as one
en	voyd places.
en	Authors do
en	it alto
en	frut it
en	goldyn colour, and
en	me to be the
en	what is seen
en	excuse
en	the Vulgar
en	norechyd
en	of each
en	wher
en	beyng of kynde
en	haue.
en	help
en	minucion
la	write þes names in
en	and to
en	For to
en	forsayde pille,
en	Child which had an
en	Veins, Sinews,
en	complexion ben hot
en	Also the Gout is
en	Body of Man, exactly
en	and
en	observations
la	þe essencion or
en	together,
en	to tell
en	speke.
en	hy~ were.
en	sex.
en	wrang, And excuse
en	vnpower to huyre
en	þryes or
en	purgacyoun
en	life, is
en	I
en	at sea and land.
en	3owre liues
en	saying, Sir I
en	with which
en	is
la	til þou be hool.
en	shell wax yellow;
en	as being of a good
en	castes
en	of
en	plan, it can
en	in Embers
en	For to make a good
en	and of vnpower to
en	worth while
en	connyng
en	paine, which
en	nature is
en	on what plan, it can
en	a tumor produced by
en	be our exercise,
en	partie ayleth,
la	in his mouþe and
en	of this Morning
en	Sodom.
en	power of the
en	but the collar of
en	There being
en	these
en	a mannys bodye,
en	by reason
en	the
en	spirits
en	be
en	of
en	Let ayre be cleare
en	it is Man
en	I
en	few drops
en	In
en	Cancer
en	of a Hydrops, out of
en	of
en	maistrie of þe
en	may
en	a great accident
en	Vulgar means,
en	And excuse me sere
en	Gyle ys for to
en	I wyll be gyn~e
en	the Stomach.
en	take it or not,
en	may advance or add
en	of
en	nothing on but the
en	grosse
en	hard
en	easy to digest, and
en	of the
en	be
la	or þe connyng of þe
en	wyll be
en	Breast
en	upon it, both at
en	Breast and Heart,
en	poor Emaciated
en	a Fever, the which
en	graduation, to
en	the iugglynge
en	whit wyne, and
en	seek
la	nedeful þat þe
en	and sinewes, and
en	of each a pound,
en	and stamp it
en	his
en	a pint
en	other
en	a discovery
en	Lye, in
en	poudre with þe
en	gain'd
en	myddis the Arme;
la	Al bowyd is þe rygge
en	two on the
en	be of hye
en	that
en	be considered of þe
en	wrang,
en	of the
en	inward
en	tell me
en	lyuoun yn mych
la	for þe y3en.
en	in an affair of so
en	what
la	of þe
en	viz.
en	and to render the
en	troubled with this
en	i~ vayne
en	And
en	and flegm, the which
en	doth
en	contrare
en	gost; and write þes
en	and be communicated
en	if the poores
en	to
en	down
en	women
en	wel, and 3ef þe seek
en	the jurisdiction of
en	tyl halfe be
en	for me
en	in a galown of whyte
en	wylt
en	is
en	principal causes
en	hem
en	to you.
en	of
en	&
en	hye complexioun
en	degree,
en	hawe bote,
en	the fourth
en	&
en	Man wher of is þi
en	or cured be
la	þer
en	mannys
en	the top of it, take
en	hot and
en	in
en	wound in
la	þe
en	lepner and the
en	to eat any
en	an Egge, make a hole
en	and Heart, which
en	mych
en	sick after meat, use
en	a stroke
en	this
en	Nature cannot bear
en	to doe it, that
en	make a hole in
en	Now, by
en	and
en	the first plants
en	advance or add to
en	yolk, and fill the
en	passages and
en	est
en	mundatum
en	super colles pedes
la	aures et curabitur
en	et ederam
en	sit
en	diebus
en	ranam in stomaco
en	hoc modo fit sicut
en	sanat.
en	in quarto
en	ardens
en	infirmus
en	equo pondere, hec
en	nra~ sicut &
en	ceram mitte
en	co~tine~tia
en	aurem surdi et
en	da jejuno coccliar
en	sine dubio ardebit
en	s~
en	absinthei sume, jus
en	Crocus Metallorum
en	Quarta
en	Largire claru~
en	Cu~ gratia
en	prodigus/
en	oleum et
la	pri~s et
en	trecentesimo
en	Johannis de
en	igne ut frigeat
en	et
en	ranam in stomaco vel
en	Aqua
en	putridas purgat
en	Accipe panem
la	noi~e pri~s et
la	vulnera sanant et
en	Absterge, Domine,
en	est
en	omnes
en	lacte
en	de
en	.ii., de
en	Item sume
en	omnia in vino
en	odor intret de ipso
en	quousque
en	ter coque in furno
la	mvnius palme
la	pulegium coctum
en	trifolium
en	spiritum
la	ipso et fac
en	compescere linguam':
en	sit sana, curabilis
en	minuit iactantia
en	D~ne ihu~
en	facto
en	tere
en	& debes
en	intermittere
en	deperit omne
en	Item
en	Ex
en	simul
la	et oleum et vinum
en	audax/ Astutus/
en	& nos dimittim~
en	aqua coque
en	ter coque
en	audax/
en	lava capud
la	tere et cum eo
en	paciendi
en	alios
en	ad terciam diem.
en	si taga
en	sic
en	mei p~pt~
la	Gratia dei maior
en	fetorem
en	mellis, tantum
en	est dies evasicuis
en	per pannum
la	oleum et vinum misse
en	artis,
en	Angelicæ,
en	in vino coctam
en	redemisti
en	esse calida in
en	mitte sub intervallo
en	radice
en	ad vndas,
en	deinde
en	coque
en	tractatus
en	dicitur
en	cum oleo
en	sexdecem
en	hec omnia in vino
en	et
en	omne quod
en	simul
la	acerimo aceto et ab
en	aetate planetarum
en	libri
en	bene
en	et
en	et
en	Super omniam
en	cum sale
en	Sanctum ne hic
en	cauda
en	tuo.
en	molissime
en	Ad
en	debet poni super
en	trita ossa
la	aqua et cum ea
en	dubio ardebit super
en	et
en	da
en	D~ne
en	cumque
en	vulnus.
en	quot
la	intervallo et tune
en	et
en	De condicionibus
en	in
en	Pro le
en	nichil
en	cum nuce:
en	eo
en	terrae in
en	et oleo roseo mixta
en	et
en	in olla ad
en	sis famulo
en	tere
en	Grana Angelica, &c.
en	de
en	Castor gaudet equis,
en	filij &
en	oculis
en	gaudet
la	aceto et nares
la	ignis volans in
en	capite vel in
en	dicitur
en	.N. plenas
en	ad Aemilianum
en	studiorum
en	nervi gustabiles
en	fractura ac
en	gradus
en	et
en	caliditatis/
la	omne quod est'
en	& cutem desiccat vel
en	tunc
en	vivae &
en	fluxum sanguinis:
en	qualibet
en	Bibe betoniam et
en	liber
la	probatum est.
en	Sanctum
en	potus enim
en	est
en	Jus
en	editus contra
en	nisi
en	est mater
la	de eodem et capiti
en	prout poterit
en	& syropis
en	partem capitis.
en	caliditatis/
en	adveniat
la	Labilis vt vita est,
en	Lucos,
en	Solis filia Lucos,
en	indulto.
en	Bibe betoniam
en	de jure erbarum
en	locum vulneris
en	fluit in posteriori
en	nascentur.
en	est mensuram ponere
en	rapitur,
en	et coque simul in
en	cum
en	Agrimoniam cum
en	a
en	distempera cum
en	et postea cola
en	nascantur: Ova
en	et
la	oui plenam
en	aquam
en	cum
la	'Quominus nil
en	Item
en	Fratres, Parentes,
en	Pone in aquam
en	et
en	Hoc
en	&c.
en	et melle mixta
en	et coque simul
en	incipit
en	ponatur in furno
en	Dies creticus
en	Liber
en	Si plaga
en	otia corpus,
en	et ab omnibus
en	vel Johannis
en	otia
en	fabarum, anglice
en	+ sanctus +
en	Infectus neque
la	moueantur aquæ.
en	hora mortis
en	Et
en	nec
en	in sanguine tuo.
en	Item ruta trita cum
en	appone albumen ovi
la	Secunda calida et
en	Quartus
en	igne ut
en	taga
en	p~ amara passione
en	ea lava capud tuum.
en	fumus terrae in
en	'flour-ben',
en	cum radice sua
en	si capud
en	dies creticus
en	per Patrem
en	per diem vel
en	et caveat
en	ad omne quod
en	angwillam et
en	a linthe juxta plage
en	abietis
en	sume, jus
en	calidam
en	feniculi et
en	oui
en	te, infirmitas,
en	furno
en	Uxor, Mors, Pietas,
en	me grauiter
en	fallax/ irascens/
en	purga
en	Dimitte
en	sub fumigan
en	ouo prognatus
en	bullire quousque
en	Item oleo
en	fessaque
en	subliss.
en	est
en	absque ullo
en	carentibus
en	et
en	capita
la	tange et
la	dicitur esse
en	omnes capitis
en	eloquenciam
en	preciosa
en	bene biberit de
en	aceto,
en	Parentes,
en	in
en	Spiritum Sanctum ne
en	calida in secundo
en	corpus,
en	rupta
en	De~ p~pici~ esto m~
en	sicque in pixide
en	farine fabarum,
en	prout
en	ad vitam, fine
en	Sic sine mensura
en	omniam
en	plaga sit in capite
en	maculam ab
la	dicto et si absens
en	et vocem
en	& natans hoc modo
en	tactabilis toti
en	virge
la	trifolium simul
la	'Deridens alios non
en	Pro surditate.
en	Item
en	edere
en	Labilis vt vita
en	lassum,
la	quando est
en	capiti calidam
en	line.
en	amara
en	Mors
en	et ita ter coque in
en	vincit, Christus
en	et oleo roseo
en	debita nra~ sicut
la	sapiencia tangit'
en	neque
en	illa
en	dorso vel spina.
en	et excoriatam,
la	circa collum ligatam
en	valent, spiritum
en	pone in aceto et ita
en	debes
en	predictis
en	morbus
en	in aceto
en	aer,
en	et fracta sit
en	coitus
en	de vase pleno aque.
en	mare, sol operitur,
la	oleo coque et cum eo
en	collige
en	in aliquo
en	surditas.
en	super aquam &
en	vnguentum calidum
en	dm~
en	succus/ croceiq~
en	tibi sacrificabo
la	Hæc reuocat vires,
en	oleo et
en	vase pleno aque.
en	cum
en	et
la	uvulae et
en	roseo mixta fronte
en	illud quod
en	partibus
en	et oleum
en	mitte in aures
en	locum sine pilis,
en	Explicit
en	lune
en	in
en	fiat puluis subliss.
en	+
en	Valere dicitur
en	ame~.
en	et sic mundatum
en	cum exeat a
en	orto?
en	aceto ad
en	vel in alio
en	+
en	fac
en	contra venenum
en	iii. guttas
en	ranam in
en	sit in capite
en	pone in forti
la	oleo et aceto
en	unum playstrum
en	capud
la	ni moueantur aquæ.
en	calcis vivae
en	locum
en	Inque cibo
en	aqua
en	que
en	et
en	Lucidus &
en	viridem
la	Pilulæ Angelicæ,
en	straminis, tunc est
en	absens sit,
la	capitis profundam et
en	reprimendas voces:
en	esse
en	Ad deponendum telam
en	p~ amara
en	cognosco
en	trita timpora
en	stomaco
en	dicta.
la	occulo famuli tui +
en	famuli tui
en	et distempera
en	toti corpori
en	lacte caprino
en	appone cumque
en	secundo
en	fetorem anelitus
en	poterit mundari,
en	DE COMMVNI VINCVLO,
en	unge.
en	cum
la	dicitur esse
en	puluis
en	requie
en	Item ne
en	potuque modus sit,
en	forti aceto
en	Benefactaq;
en	D~ne ihu~
en	etate lune quando
en	bene
en	Item
en	tunc
en	suas
en	fractis in capite:
en	terciam diem.
en	frigiditatis
en	Ipse
en	et capiti calidam
en	Accipe
en	Ungwentum
en	ossibus inpressis
en	talis
en	animalibus
en	+ agios
en	facto conditum
la	ut probatum est.
la	primum capitulum:
en	fiat puluis
en	primus liber de
en	vel Johannis de
en	canis
la	dicitur esse
en	et
la	caliditatis est
en	ardens super
en	ab
en	partem
en	ovi et
la	dies creticus est
en	pro oculis Aqua
en	mundus sit rite
en	si testa rupta
en	et
en	Item minta trita
en	rite
en	confortant
en	de
la	coque et cum
en	capitis
en	in aceto ad
en	dicto et
en	in juncturas suas
en	spu~s
en	illisa extrahunt
en	capitum,
en	p. iij.
en	sanguis ponatur in
en	coque
en	lardi a
la	& caliditatis est
en	&
en	datus
la	feniculum coque
en	secundus liber
en	Sanguis
en	jejuno coccliar
en	deinde ponatur
en	est mater sanitatis.
en	coque
en	de barba
en	salgiam, ederam
en	infirmitate fine
en	vivi
la	aceto et ita ter
en	Deinde commedat
en	inpressis in capite
en	et priuilegio a
en	+ sanctus
en	me tenet horror':
en	sit
en	oleum inponatur
en	circa collum
en	ob
la	tritam et cum succo
en	olla
en	pone in aceto
en	inpone broceam usque
en	vincit,
en	si
en	puluis
en	ne
en	(prout
en	Tartareæ, Grana
en	mei p~pt~ amara~
en	strinxsisti
en	biberit
en	mixta fronte
en	quiesse
en	et
en	si taga sit
en	est, infirmum
en	collige in vase
en	et
la	simul tere et
en	mea.
en	rutam et
la	Item pulegium coctum
en	et
en	gloria.
en	fermentatum
en	appone loco.
en	ponatur
en	ad
en	et
en	lardo
en	ad
en	a rege
en	videtur
la	frigiditatis et duas
en	lactea porta
en	ederam terrestrem
en	ardens super aquam &
en	fine
en	iterum
en	regnat, Christus
la	fætore cloacæ.
en	edere mixtum cum
en	et nascentur.
en	et succum
en	at
en	omniam contra
en	liber uricrisiarum,
en	aere sed cauda
en	rite habitabilis
en	potus
en	et Spiritum
en	noi~e
en	Item ruta
en	in secundo gradu.
en	mundari,
la	gradus est
en	hoste
en	propria
en	prognatus
en	et in hora
en	stygias
en	Deus
la	dicitur esse calida
en	ex
en	Jus absinthei sume,
en	eloquenciam dant.
en	vertiginem
en	jus feniculi,
en	contra
en	frigeat sicque
en	faciunt, lapidem
en	confice sic
en	vel
en	a linthe
en	vivi & ignis
en	lacrimam edere
en	valebit ut
en	sit jejunus.
la	tere et distempera
en	non illa
en	et infirmus
en	&
en	ovi et
en	Christus
en	lokechestre
en	&
en	lune calida
la	qui bene degerit,
en	draconis p. j.
en	Iacea nigra
en	nares
la	simul et postea
la	per diem vel duos
en	infirmus per
en	agios + agios
en	vel
en	Unaquaque die
en	sanctus
en	simul et
en	Solis
en	agios + sanctus +
en	adjungatur lento.
en	agrimoniam et
en	fiet lassum,
en	+ Christus vincit,
en	Christus
la	pulegium coctum in
en	in aporimatibus; &
la	pane et nichil
en	inderisus
en	in
en	.i. est absque ullo
en	Corporis
en	de urina
en	condiendo
en	Et tunc
la	et butiro et oleo et
en	herbam
en	tempora illini.
la	tunc est curabilis.
en	secundus
en	regalis
en	ne hic
en	circa
en	capitis
en	cum
en	super aquam
en	amittunt: Selidonia
en	dolorem
en	ruta trita cum
en	capitis.
en	cum bene biberit de
en	res
la	sanctus est remedium
la	Filium et
en	Calcis ex ouorum
en	vocatur apegalle.
en	pone in forti aceto
la	vulneris tange et
en	sua subfumigetur
en	palme
en	tolle de
la	olens fætore
en	ad vitam, fine ad
en	paciens de
la	gradus est qua~do
en	diem vel
en	caliditatis/ tune
en	primam
en	item acerimo
en	.ii., cere
en	dolores:
en	famuli tui .N.
en	portionem
en	datus scabiem
en	mundum panniculum
en	erbarum et
en	Item
en	inpressis in
la	facias per diem vel
en	Ungwentum fuscum:
en	trita
en	suas putredinem
en	octo
en	durabile
la	qualitas uvulae
en	recentem
en	frangit
en	Herba cruriatica
en	de
en	hausit aquas:
en	spina.
en	cum bene biberit
la	jovis, que dicitur
en	esse calida
en	et caliditatis
en	cibo potuque modus
en	ad capud purgandum
en	visus
en	abrotanum bibat
en	est
en	hiis diebus
en	set si
en	maculam
en	ignis exibit.
la	debet esse
en	esse
la	adde predictis et
en	Ad plagam capitis
en	testam
en	furno, pone in forti
en	cum
en	acerimo
en	in ipso hiatu ossis,
en	tolle
en	codem, Pugnis,
en	super ignem
en	acrem et
la	tere cum melle et
la	multa sciunt, sed
la	cæcum consolatio
en	ut odor
en	meus,
en	bonum entret.
en	et
en	et
en	et distempera cum
en	gracilis/ succus/
en	quo
en	renum curant,
en	alio loco
en	igne
la	medicinæ
en	pixide
en	hostia~ laudis.
en	vermes:
en	sicut
en	quemq~
en	quattuor
en	illud quod fluit in
en	albumine ovi et
en	herbam circa
en	respirationis
en	tangit'
la	aceto et ab pane
en	urina propria super
en	famuli tui
en	et ab pane siliginis
en	sana,
en	hoc
en	cum exeat a furno,
en	viuunt capitum,
la	De etate lune quando
la	sanant et
en	cum
en	Item rutam et
la	stygias Ebrius
en	set si taga sit
en	semini
en	super
la	gradus est
en	lapidem frangunt,
en	Item plantaginem
en	inunge.
en	Item contra
en	est.
la	predictis et mitte
en	pcco~ri
en	biberit de
en	mundari, cum
en	nobis debita nra~
en	d~ne co~mendo
en	detrusit ad
en	probatum
en	coctura ponatur,
en	leuat.
en	inpone
en	cum
en	cum sit
en	dubio
en	plagam capitis
en	Sic tua qu firment
la	die iii. guttas de
en	inpone broceam
en	fabarum,
en	cum jejunare
en	aqua
en	Contra surditatem:
en	decidat.
en	vel alios
en	a prurigine
en	pulverez
en	capud
en	mitte
en	ollam, oleum
en	vincula mea. tibi
en	ad narez
en	in aquam testam
en	.ii.,
en	secretorum, secundum
en	ullo
en	vulneri et
en	cere
en	in sanguine
en	durabile non est.
en	Secretis secretorum,
en	mare, sol
en	lassum, si
en	[\f. 19rb\] fluvium
en	pondere,
en	in kaluris sub
la	pilis, et nascentur.
la	oleum et vinum
en	omne
en	edere mixtum
en	Et menta &
en	Cerebri
en	& sine dubio ardebit
en	et cum
en	remaneas + Absterge,
en	tibi
la	ventum depellunt,
en	quando
en	sed nemo
en	Dimitte nobis debita
en	noi~e pri~s
la	Secunda calida
en	Et modo incipit
en	ullo medicamine,
en	vbi pedere
en	viride lyngnum
en	et cum
en	Labilis
en	Quartus gradus
en	michi pcco~ri
en	tua
la	coque et
en	Item
la	mixtum cum oleo et
en	passione gutturis
en	sacre p~ennis
en	commedat
en	anfert fetorem
en	libenter volo
en	De~ p~pici~ esto
en	meus, adiutor sis
la	surdi et valebit ut
en	sub intervallo
en	De humana natura.
la	quantum de jure
en	mitre
en	exeat a furno,
la	dicto et si
en	&
en	Filium
en	quot viuunt
la	purgandum et vocem
en	ponatur in
en	ea
en	Item minta
en	de comune sapore
en	tunde, deinde mundum
en	etas
en	caret
en	et
en	crescit in
en	volans in aere
en	de igne ut frigeat
en	nos ab hoste p~tege.
en	et sic adjungatur
en	Pone
la	facias per diem
en	radicem feniculi et
en	edere
en	jus marubii,
en	lepram exposites
en	vulneris
en	albumen ovi et
en	mane cum sit
en	frigeat sicque in
en	Postea appone
en	secundum
en	.vi.,
en	de urina propria
en	Item
en	extrahere
en	ponatur in
en	eius
en	aceto
en	Deus meus, adiutor
en	oculis
en	nos ab
en	fessaque membra
en	parte lingni
en	est
en	super
en	simul in olla ad
en	pro
en	furit, urbs rapitur,
en	de nucibus
en	mortem.
en	inter carnem
en	sciunt,
en	poni super aquam &
en	non est.
en	vertigines
en	.i. est absque
en	Millesimo
en	bullire
la	De etate lune
en	lento.
en	inposita
en	nra~
la	tune dicitur esse
en	Cur
en	cum melle
en	xp~e Ego cognosco
en	sanguis menstruus
en	homo dum salgia
la	ignem in aliquo vase
en	pestilencialem
en	dn~e
en	fac coronam de
en	Pugnis, quot
en	abrotanum,
en	qualitas
en	Lucidus & mundus sit
en	eo capud
en	narez pone
en	id est sanguis
en	et
en	operitur,
en	pre
en	Item
en	nil
la	quo vita nusq~
en	huiusmodi
en	sume,
en	famuli
en	dies evasicuis
en	spiritu~ meu~.
en	Et tunc tolle de
en	mortario tere
Prediction array: [0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0]