la	þe preier
la	þe
la	þe mawe of
en	seed sal ly
en	noisom
en	gedre wel,
en	And
en	Fro wykked sperytis
en	it is probable
en	complaints and
en	kept clean;
en	Filth,
en	his kynde
en	both at sea and
en	the
en	I am
en	commonly
en	ny3e rounde
en	not
en	and
en	hot and
en	the Air we
en	Care must be
en	excuse me sere
en	of
en	Emaciated Creature,
en	seen
en	spirits and to
en	Strong Ale.
en	ayre be cleare
en	are so
en	and taste and are of
en	we shall be able
en	that she neadeth
en	for me
en	infants that
en	helle
en	and Saffron
en	will be soon laid
en	is þi
en	licentiates
en	the unphysical
en	of
la	þei þat
en	gude
en	make;
en	anoynte
en	and synggyng and
en	of this
en	the fyer
en	one kind or
en	fellowship of
en	clene, Who so
en	and whatever may
en	made by antepasyn
en	way of distention,
en	Alle maner
la	þe forsayde pille,
en	euery day
en	o substance jwys
la	swete þingis, forwhi
en	forgif me if it be
en	and not
la	þe
en	to remove
en	accident
en	and
en	that
en	shell only
en	and
en	the sick partie
en	Let it sethe tyl
en	the
en	in a less
en	resist poyson.
en	age,
en	the
en	the vaynes to
en	This is yuel
la	and þey hafe
en	readier judge of
en	the
en	the Members,
en	of his
en	and the yolk,
la	aftre þe maistrie
en	so driveth
en	diligently be
en	(by reason of
en	arteries, and
la	of þe
en	with hote
en	the shell only with
la	foure times þe
en	medell þe
en	well to attend
en	which heareth,
en	me (though the
en	Child which had an
en	being the natural
en	of
en	make a hole in
en	in a
en	operation, than
en	examined for
en	delusions,
en	beat
en	for to
en	and moyst
en	bere Fro wykked
en	of rysyng o nyght
en	having thus
la	þe name of þe fader
en	the
en	use them:
en	is abele
en	3if y=u= of vomites
en	Man,
en	heart,
en	and
en	vayne & al
en	of the
en	mentioned there
en	all hot
en	by & by As I fond
en	helyth the
en	This has always
en	braine are very
en	entirely
en	w=t= water clene,
en	I shew
la	3ef þe seek wyþ hote
en	I be tok
en	hote metys
en	dock at
en	betonye
en	aloen and stamp it
en	on what plan,
en	tok Of agret
en	hit is saucefleme;
en	lechys bedene Yat
en	hewynes in
en	whatever may cause
en	Also
en	good fortune
en	a
la	ley to þe stomak, &~
en	as being
en	I be
en	þereof the
en	with
en	not only in every
en	as Rich, to be
en	and flours been of
en	the
la	þei þat be of
en	borwyng I
en	to
en	childe ore
en	and there passeth
en	an admirable
en	but the collar of
en	and the fyer
en	I haue nowe tolde
en	Twisting of the
en	stamp it and do it
en	independently
la	dayes, þat
en	and
en	it w=t=
en	white, and the yolk,
en	ladyes
en	schal be
en	hit
en	of this operation,
en	veines, and
en	be under the
en	as
en	Also the Gout
en	be diuerse.
en	of a Fever,
en	the
en	to be
en	advance
en	Contagious
en	to
en	divided into five
en	This disease
en	to me a
en	I haue
en	me
en	Rules, or
la	þe
en	vse
en	Morning and Night.
en	ys made
en	and lyfted vp, other
en	practice,
en	It
en	what the partie
en	or not,
en	and
en	I
en	the heart,
en	parts
en	are found necessary,
en	maner swete
en	statement
en	within the
en	if it be
en	treatise to prove,
en	with many other
en	aqua
en	their life,
en	less degree
en	by the falling down
en	redy.
en	or six months
en	it, but likewise of
en	stomak, &~
en	it in his mouþe
en	so betonye
en	Things,
en	general, and on
en	haue sayd
en	ys
en	take it
en	ben hot and moist
en	A barge-man
en	for
en	the
en	taken
en	are
en	is hot and dry
en	hit
en	and
en	naturally
en	that they
en	By it passeth all
en	and
en	yonge &
en	am more confirmed by
en	we
en	a Child which
en	thereof,
en	are found
en	fro Mounpileris to
en	Streets
en	body of a
en	þe poudre with
la	times þe
en	partie ayleth, and
en	kyng
en	fe all be
en	be furnish'd with
en	ana, stampe hem
en	head Purge,
en	And drynk it
en	of
en	and Night.
en	that ben
en	is
en	me if it be wrang,
en	þis medicine
la	and þo þing
en	about 10 Gallons
en	keep it
en	grekys fyer
en	them well
en	purgacyoun euery
en	Sope-Suds, and Lye,
en	stoke repleat
en	and ocupacyon in her
en	schulde be norechyd
en	10
en	the sekenes
en	Being a discovery of
en	sangweyne
en	who are
en	the chilosity of
la	þat þe seed sal ly
en	be norechyd on
la	daies þer nature is
en	life of these
en	superfluous
en	complaints
en	the upper
en	þer nature is of o
en	the
en	but in almost
en	made upon
en	or cured
en	I wyll be gyn~e Y=t=
en	Lye,
en	what is seen
en	liues
en	is an
en	ys sayd as
en	And
en	its spoken before,
en	and taste
en	saluted
en	To guard
en	and glandulus
en	sea and
en	are ruptured within
en	the top
en	may
en	sufficient to
en	of one kind
en	anthepasyn ys sayd
en	Fraunce, hir
en	this,
en	that I shew the
en	greife in some
en	that Physicians
en	behoveth all
en	braine are
en	from the
en	sowkyng calfe
en	may be
en	subject
en	that Art: and
en	the readier judge
en	so
en	the bloud,
en	and hit ys clepid
en	Tak
en	also
en	importance, as his
la	þou be
en	wyll lette
en	greater antiquity
en	betture.
en	other
en	Ri3t
en	helle and the grekys
en	It
en	but
en	much seeing into
en	whit wyne,
la	place þat þe
en	to
en	of a
en	This
en	nobill
en	ye kyng
en	of is
en	on
en	thovme is
en	and vital spirits
en	a long
en	euery day þryes or
en	stampe
en	is knowne by the
en	it, yet
en	be wastyd.
en	of whom I took
en	Any
en	mynde which heareth,
en	And Care must be
en	choller
en	Rules, or a
en	run forth,
en	decide, in an
en	also an excellent
en	don a way in
en	poudre
en	to
en	a
en	of whit wyne,
en	any grosse humour,
en	it doth encrease
en	in
en	In
en	its malignity,
en	his own health, and
en	ny3e
en	to mention to
en	haue sayd als I hafe
en	being not so much
en	the Breast
en	to the Foot.
en	wyrchyng
en	it is the
en	Physicians
en	be communicated
en	much seeing
en	sylfen
en	each a pound, beat
en	Tak
en	which is
en	disease is knowne
en	discovery
en	Art: and though
en	least paines are
en	and twice as
en	well together,
en	I could
en	be tok Of
en	sekenes and beth
en	a
en	been
en	the fyer of Sodom.
en	Rich, to be
en	and light,
en	AS
en	Arteries, and
en	the readier judge of
en	in
en	I
en	seyunte Gyle
en	to helpe
en	prest Y=t= of
en	makyng of nervale
en	me to mention to
en	by As I
en	time
en	in the
en	the power
en	parts which
en	of the meat from
en	of whom its spoken
en	object of this
en	parties age,
en	the rhetoricians,
en	be communicated to
en	to resist poyson.
en	fode, Some vaynes,
la	forsoþe
en	of corruption, which
en	observations made
en	guard therefore
en	the first five or
en	hit
en	arteria do make a
en	drops of
en	in Embers of
en	which curacioun or
en	take þereof the
en	aloen
en	mesel, and when
en	graunt it is the
en	THe Small Pox are
en	a stoke
en	vse 3e, And
en	to the
en	cleare and light,
en	noght because
en	Any of
en	tell me (though
en	fyer and the
en	cannot bear
en	the
en	the circumstances,
en	purge noght
en	or add to
en	and therfor men that
en	a certain
en	an
en	Sir I desire
en	of Man,
en	ony frut
en	when
en	or a Method how to
la	ynglond, at þe
en	me, presents
la	nedeful þat þe
en	Urine)
en	name
en	is the power of
en	helyd or cured be
en	the lower,
en	to
en	we shall
la	at þe preier of
en	of this treatise to
en	with which it is
en	jwys
en	principal
en	what is of good
en	cause noisom smells,
en	spirits
en	fond wrety~ in abok,
en	alle maner notis and
la	at þe preier
la	dayes, þat þe feolþe
en	gedre,
en	the
en	falleth
en	Drink
en	on the
en	what is
en	i~ne, Betonye sothy~
en	had an Involution
en	sothy~ yese lechys
en	be wrang,
en	and sinewes,
en	Y=t=
en	or
en	or
en	celidoyne whos
en	and way of
en	seen to
en	plan, it
en	rounde it is Man
en	thing, and to doe
en	into that
en	Al
en	up
en	and it is probable
en	hot
en	who is
en	many
en	hit ys made in
en	you.
en	I
en	is an admirable
en	procure
la	þat
en	and the
en	five or six
en	And mony
la	maistrie of þe furst
en	and vital
en	left;
en	cometh forth
en	or with
en	importance, the
en	hit ys clepid
en	herbs are all hot
en	curyng
en	where by
en	wel, and
en	lette gude men
la	of þe þings
en	Sir I desire your
la	of þe essencion or
en	every
en	confirmed by
en	being
en	was
en	few drops of
en	the mynde whiche
en	wol breke out,
en	Sulphur, of each
en	diseases, he may the
en	in
en	So that she
en	vp, other with any
en	sal ly in.
en	so
en	is yuel for þey3en.
en	That
en	knowne by the
en	Night.
en	a good entret.
en	do make a
en	none
en	whatever be our
en	has over
en	extraordinary warme.
en	man
en	be taken
en	a deep
en	any
en	time gives rise
la	þe feolþe
en	þey ben with
en	folk
en	educated
en	þing with which
la	and write þes names
en	taught to
en	þe preier of ye
en	run forth, and many
en	beat them well
en	hare, or of a
en	is of good
en	A
en	break and run forth,
en	greife
en	be auansed
en	forgif me if
en	the
en	certain
en	had
en	of Nutmegges,
en	or
en	myddis the Arme;
la	take þe mawe
en	it or not, would do
en	of betonye
en	Of agret
en	thovme is the make;
en	haue
en	now very rarely
la	ix daies þer nature
en	the lepner and
en	which by reason
en	the collar of
en	for to distroye
en	also divided
en	tok Of
en	up at Puddle-dock by
en	in this wyse.
en	of the
en	but likewise
en	thus much of
en	makyng
la	profyt abele þat che
en	It is the object of
en	for use.
en	and
en	sharpe and
en	entret.
en	so strongly
en	sperytis it wyll hy~
en	of Fraunce, hir
en	norechyd
en	of oyle
en	term rupture,
en	sayd as wer
en	&~ vse
en	oyle of
en	knowledge may
la	All þe veynes I
la	acordeþ þe
en	almost
en	mater was hard &
en	what
la	curyng and þo þing
en	delineating all
en	of
en	is mixed with
en	the substance of the
en	hernia,
en	eares be stopped &
en	large
en	maistrie of þe
la	take þe mawe of
en	we were aware of;
en	all be
en	that too too well
en	replete with
en	of their life, are
en	which it
en	of the principal
en	months ago
en	Garden-Tansy,
en	it
en	may
en	the Sun, as
en	under the planet
en	the mynde
la	And 3yf þer
en	sick
en	þat che purge er
en	five Lobs,
en	had nothing on but
la	childe ore þat þey
en	having
en	aloen and
en	her blod wastyth.
en	safe Medicine for
en	or foure times
en	fyer and the fyer of
en	seeth, it
en	before,
en	a less
en	are caused
en	is meant
en	as his
en	is abele to
en	Man
en	tyl
en	life, is the purport
en	the Urine,
en	It is an admirable
en	it forth with a
en	for þe
en	all these
en	this operation,
en	the Guts.
en	for nought hathe
en	especially box
en	y=u= of vomites wylt
en	fore an syx dayes,
en	and to
en	bere
en	all the Members,
en	right side,
en	were a
en	drinkys,
en	situation, and way
en	hit
en	braine are very much
en	I
en	bodye, and hit ys
en	and
en	upper
en	it is profyt abele
en	in
en	is the
en	do it in his mouþe
en	to overload
en	the grekys
en	i~ vayne & al for
en	hy~
en	this
en	which are under
en	apowdyr of
en	be
en	BY the term
en	appeared to me to be
en	be our
en	farther
en	admission into the
en	down
en	dere frende Nero as
en	of relegion
la	þou
en	membre of
en	AS sutures of
en	sayd als
en	gedre, and ley
en	replete
en	Now, by
en	of whom its
la	þer
en	out of whom I
en	Body of
en	months ago I
en	those that
en	grieued part
en	is also divided
en	Egge,
en	would do
la	til þou
en	the left
en	hafe sens;
en	is
en	me to
en	gost; and write þes
en	apply, as instance
en	poyson.
en	in abok, Y=t=
en	a judgment, not
en	first plants are
en	As
la	þat ny3e
en	veins
en	a pound, beat
en	seed, lynseed and
en	may
la	swelliþ,
en	apowdyr of betonye
en	be gyn~e Y=t=
en	In the left
en	fe all
en	mony
en	be removed;
en	rest, and þey hafe
en	the
en	gret name
la	childe ore þat
en	other lette 3e be.
en	Twisting of
en	some by
en	arteries, and vital
en	should naturally be
la	feolþe
en	powdere, medell
en	yf the
en	importance,
la	as it acordeþ þe
en	profyt abele
en	ben hot and moist in
en	contained in
en	and
en	make
en	overload
en	certain time
la	þou be hool.
en	the Twisting of
en	This is
en	Man wher of is þi
en	body clene, Who so
en	o nyght
en	Take an Egge, make
en	al 3owre
en	this
en	And as
en	to make
en	but likewise of
la	clisteries, if þe
en	the signes
en	and life, is the
en	Cancer and Leo.
en	in the cavity of
en	to
en	true causes
en	pryde ther
en	exercise, those whom
en	Let ayre be
en	of this treatise
en	be considered of þe
en	enough,
en	helle and
en	right
en	curacioun
en	was hard & strang.
en	the substance of
en	as hit were a
en	rupture,
en	the falling down
en	be norechyd
en	practised,
en	or six
en	sperytis
en	beth vnkonnyng to
en	which by reason of
en	power
en	add to the
en	abele
en	good for þe
en	broken.
en	power of the mynde
en	one may
en	a long and diligent
en	so much as
en	that I myght
en	costive
en	aware of;
en	bruises; had nothing
en	fell into
en	þo þing with which
en	of wyrchyng for to
en	Disease is;
en	It is
en	ly
en	better qualified
en	þer hit
en	smell
en	take
en	potabilis and hit ys
en	the subordinate,
en	hath hy~
en	as his own health,
en	opinion.
en	rest, and
en	diseases,
en	out, as hit were
en	Drink
en	sick after meat, use
en	though nature be
en	wyll hy~ were.
en	in the washing of
en	complexion
en	complexioun and
en	other small
en	meat from
en	harme.
en	way in þe
en	with oyle
en	greife in
la	In þe name of þe
en	it, and
en	both the
en	er che conseyue to
en	saucefleme; and
en	mawe of a sowkynge
en	and flegm,
en	And 3yf þer schulde
la	þei
en	the power
en	sethe tyl halfe
en	a less degree
en	ther is
en	by considering the
en	suture is
en	Fever, the which
en	it
en	the parties
en	good
en	but yet if any
en	unto
la	of þe
en	the
en	hot and
en	hard
en	of the college,
en	but when þey ben
en	of
en	hafe it lengere as
en	þingis, forwhi
en	And having thus
en	Disease; and certain
en	other with
en	an admirable head
en	in thoght;For
la	þe fader
en	for nought
en	Some vaynes, vse 3e,
en	Bones,
en	our Houses, and
en	of nervale
la	þe
en	grateful to the
en	faultes, That come
en	blod
en	apply,
en	it is
en	3if y=u= of
en	hote metys and
en	The thyrde water
en	stomak, &~ vse
en	Sir I
en	an affair of so much
en	into the
en	to overload the
en	to
en	Otherwiles
en	made upon it, both
en	if
en	blood that they
en	the
en	or
en	an syx
en	form a judgment,
en	fode, Some
en	mixed with the
en	voyd
en	naturally costive
en	out
en	admission
en	the Urine) the
en	and
en	And vaynes
en	the
en	this
en	form a judgment, not
en	ayre
en	or to eat any thing
en	three
en	in
en	and bruises; had
en	obliges us
en	oyle of Nutmegges,
en	to
en	or
en	Mace adding
en	ocupacyon in
en	3e that wyll
en	hot
en	an affair of so
en	it forth with
en	all hot and dry
en	fourth degree,
en	of Cloues
en	of the
en	for
en	disease,
en	took
en	thus saluted
en	Involution
en	preier of ye kyng
en	the
en	and to doe it,
en	that
en	membre of man
la	forsoþe þat þe
en	not broken.
en	to
en	And excuse
en	and
en	powdere, medell þe
en	to
en	and hit
en	desire your
en	propriety of
en	me the Urine,
en	of
en	much Sage,
en	shall be able to
en	conception,
en	the
en	to Quene Isabel of
en	half a pint
en	mannys
en	of this
en	of unimpeached
en	of secret passages
en	me to
en	for
en	and parts
en	at all to be
en	causes productive of
en	is
en	his
en	jwys
en	and stamp it
en	unto the lower,
en	Y=t=
en	irksome to them.
en	sothy~
en	Lungs
en	six months of their
en	diligently
la	elementz aftre þe
en	these people; and
en	only in every large
en	Also this medcyne
en	a Child
en	And som hafe
en	of
en	is made,
en	of so much
en	hafe it
en	reason of
en	man or woman.
en	woman.
en	the
en	is
en	what plan,
la	is þe
en	hem to gedre,
en	make a
en	and
en	or beyng of kynde
en	and
en	and stronger parts
en	by a comparative
en	the
en	be under the planet
en	lynseed &~
en	tide, having
en	near his
en	when
en	vayne
en	gullet, with
en	to be
la	þe rygge so
en	lech
en	of the
en	plan, it can
en	poores
en	fellowship of the
en	o substance
en	local graduation, to
en	shall
en	has
en	thou
en	lech mi3t haue
en	certain Rules, or
en	be gain'd by a long
en	Take
en	vertewys hath
en	Being
en	helyd or
en	add
en	the mynde which
en	(though
en	anoynte hit,
en	mention
en	and flours been
en	attend to
en	of
en	with
en	of seyunte Gyle
en	of al thes may
en	me to be the case;
en	þi pryde
en	make
en	seen, not
en	gyn~e
en	own health,
en	and take
en	name of þe fader and
en	and beth vnkonnyng
en	water of
en	and lyfted
en	and
en	find, it being
en	of Charcole,
en	of
en	mesel,
en	body of a man was
en	their
en	wyl y=e= telle
en	sharpe
en	troubled with
en	if the poores
en	a way in
la	medell þe poudre
la	or þe connyng of
en	which
en	the influence
en	what to increase or
en	Arme;
en	into the fellowship
en	life, is
en	continue
en	power of the
la	þingis, forwhi þei
en	it
en	almost
en	two on
la	þe þings
en	& beseged
en	like to be under
en	nothing on but the
en	vnpower to huyre
en	for charite
en	this
en	is the
en	to me to be
en	This indeed is cleer
en	do make a stoke
en	his kynde
en	not, would do
en	bere Fro
en	braine
en	þat che
en	kynde
en	long and
en	disease is knowne by
en	may be gain'd
en	potabilis and
en	cavity of the belly.
en	better qualified to
en	graunt it is
en	in
en	I am
en	be able to
en	w=t= water
en	it be wrang, And
en	an affair of
en	clerkes
en	well Poor
en	dry
en	ynglond, at
en	of life
en	a man was
en	Heart, which
en	inveterat,
en	his neck
en	head Purge, also an
en	his shirt,
en	wyll
en	Saltpeter,
en	an affair
en	three on the right
en	left
en	place
en	Intestines; which, I
en	and certain Rules,
en	and flegm, the
en	a way
en	a
en	Contagious Disease;
en	thing but what is
en	that dyed of
en	forwhi
la	þe feolþe may
en	and doctoris aqua
en	Small Pox are
en	that it will be
en	necessary, not only
en	Sethe all togedyr in
en	and what
en	within three
en	is y seyd
en	a tumor produced by
en	conception, the
en	and taste and are
en	plants are without
en	same essencion or
en	hot and moist in
en	Purge, also
en	and dry
en	the poores
en	Pannicles,
en	to the Stomach.
en	and
en	This is good for þe
en	some
en	it
en	study and local
en	this medcyne nowe
en	it, and what to
en	was drowned.
en	good smell and
en	in complexion
en	must be taken not to
en	who is hot and
en	is made, and
en	fyer and
en	gives rise to this
en	that may advance
en	Make apowdyr of
en	bear it, and
en	In the
en	make clene and
en	Stomach, or to
en	opinion of this
en	cured be diuerse.
en	forth with a
en	to
en	Air we breathe
en	the yolk, and fill
en	borwyng I be
en	flesh to
en	not so much
en	of the mynde whiche
en	by
en	& by As
en	certain Rules,
en	sufficeth,
en	þryes or
en	and
en	makyng of
en	stomack to the
en	yolk, and fill
en	that
en	and hit ys
en	of women to
en	preier of ye kyng of
en	every large wound,
en	conseyue
en	well Poor as
en	be furnish'd
en	productive of it,
en	is profyt abele
en	or of a sowkyng
en	so that I shew the
en	his
en	sufficeth, so that I
en	to fulfill the
en	So that she neadeth
la	his mouþe
en	dry especially box
la	þe face.
en	break
en	at any time gives
en	and
en	betonye I wyll be
en	And
en	Head to
en	malignity,
en	more confirmed
en	white, and the
en	be.
en	hit ys made
en	or woman.
en	by & by As
en	an
en	folk that
en	o nyght and synggyng
en	for
en	He is A vayne
en	þings bene
en	or those that in a
en	like to be under the
en	ruptured within
la	broþer.
en	i.e.,
en	ben with childe
en	borowed and
en	diligent practice,
en	in
en	kynde for plente of
en	to averre
en	Saturn whereas the
en	the mynde his power.
la	þe
en	and stamp
en	women to be
en	w=t= any
en	out the
en	be seen, not
en	Sope-Suds, and
en	comyn ana, stampe
en	of the
en	any time gives rise
en	bladders full
en	also an
en	secret passages
en	Sulphur,
en	vaynes to let
en	of it, take out
en	at
en	Let
en	y=e= thovme is the
en	and
en	gives rise
en	che purge er
en	the mynde
en	of
en	Sage, and
en	and the grekys fyer
en	to be perceyued of
en	the licentiates and
en	gude men blode, And
la	of þe same essencion
en	much,
en	parts which should
en	true causes of
en	hye complexioun and
en	þis
en	calfe and bren it
en	and
en	while for me to
en	of oyle of
en	the fourth
en	that too too
en	a Method how
en	beth vnkonnyng
en	to
en	Queen-hythe,
en	purgis che is abele
en	both yonge & olde.
en	and obliges us to
en	of o substance jwys
en	in some by way
en	then cometh forth
en	has taught to be
en	a great accident of
en	are
en	and
en	a stroke and
en	or of a
en	free from
en	his neck near
en	curacioun or
en	& soleynge
en	the eares be
en	paine of
en	add to
en	for to be
en	dangerous;
en	nyght and
en	is the power of the
en	study and
en	water, and
en	to me to
en	is
en	helpe hem
en	if the
en	qualified to
en	of the Body of Man,
en	of it,
la	þe veynes
en	or Strong
en	I believe,
en	y=e= fe all be
la	þe seed sal ly
en	in this I am
en	influence Nature has
en	out, anoynte hit, as
en	to prove, that
en	is profyt
en	mony other lette 3e
en	I took about 10
en	nowe tolde That
en	Rules, or a Method
en	it wyll
en	Let ayre
en	out the white,
en	therfor men that ben
en	was some other small
en	me (though the sick
en	of the mynde
en	by fore an syx
en	will break and
en	þey be of
en	at Puddle-dock by
en	the
en	as hit is y seyd by
en	the influence Nature
en	minucion is made,
en	skynne is bowen
en	be don a way in
en	the least paines are
en	that in a less
en	I
en	small matters
en	mater was hard
en	For to make a good
en	but what is of good
en	and when hit is
en	unimpeached
en	seems
en	her seruyse her
en	and
en	much importance, as
en	their ignorance)
en	to averre a
en	any grosse
en	seek wyþ hote watur.
en	the which is mixed
en	confeccion
en	the power of
en	the belly.
en	of women to be
en	an syx dayes,
en	by observing
la	þe confeccion of
en	which
en	so betonye on
en	is entitled,
en	glandulus flesh to
en	with
en	the iiij elementz
en	of goldyn
en	to be don a way in
en	lepner and the fyer
en	the term
la	forwhi þei swelliþ,
en	what plan, it
en	gyn~e Y=t=
en	Make
en	four or
en	kepyth
en	being
en	on
en	mesel, and when hit
en	others of our
en	may change
en	communicated to
en	a month ago a Child
en	y=e= fe all be dene.
en	there that we can
en	frut it is profyt
en	to require
en	was thrown up at
en	of
en	almost all
en	encrease so much,
en	and shoes,
en	a greife in
en	excellent and
en	to
en	on hem ony frut
en	purge noght because
en	study
en	do
en	believe, the
en	aqua potabilis and
en	of
en	we were
en	other with some
en	helyng schal
en	About 18 months ago
en	the shell
en	of the
en	has always
en	find,
en	calls the Twisting
la	connyng of þe þings
en	out of whom
en	maner swete þingis,
en	To
en	renne
en	graduation, to
en	and land.
en	in
en	first five or
en	so broken
en	seeth, it is the
en	complexion ben hot
en	certain Rules, or a
en	of kynde
en	by way
en	A treatise
la	and þe
en	it behoveth
en	of the claims of
en	the iiij
en	you
en	About 18 months
en	all Persons,
en	kynde for plente
en	and
en	and calls
en	And
en	it,
en	lechys bedene
en	hit
en	or with the
en	tumor
en	I
en	which is mixed with
en	this
en	great accident of a
en	þei are mych
en	and
en	Brother
en	others of
en	þe preier of ye kyng
en	breathe in may
en	claims of
en	than before
en	not alone sufficient
en	that I myght help
en	sutures
en	profitable
en	humors, the upper
en	tell me (though the
en	in his
en	do well to
en	delineating
en	hare, or of
en	keep
en	water
en	As I fond wrety~ in
en	of a Hydrops, out of
en	dissected
en	be giffen for to be
en	helyth the lepner
en	every
en	Many
en	the which
en	Liquor
en	of
en	be
en	of life of
en	þings
en	to
en	complexioun and
en	sexe, the
en	kyng of Fraunce, hir
en	it will bee
en	and parts thereof,
la	of þe
en	the Members, Bones,
en	absurdities that I
en	within
la	þe significaciouns
en	found necessary, not
en	of one kind or
en	medecynes that
en	of it, but
en	about
en	are of
en	while
en	telle by &
en	or hot bodies.
la	þe
en	degree, both the
en	into that Art: and
en	son as che
en	causes
en	doth encrease
en	is yuel for
en	nowe tolde
en	under
en	fourth
en	Betonye sothy~ yese
en	nature be not alone
en	with any despitefull
en	vnkonnyng to
en	your opinion of this
en	the college;
en	unto the
la	of þe sekenes so it
en	to
en	purgis
en	who are naturally
en	Isofagus of whom its
en	an hard
en	wyl
en	strong
en	drynk it w=t= water
en	or Mace adding
en	not so much as one
en	peste fame
en	in hora
la	tune dicitur esse
la	gradus siccitatis &
en	In primis
la	tui + agios + agios
en	Vt capiant vitium ni
en	dolores: Folia
en	ederam
en	et si testa rupta
en	ardet tolle
en	rutam et
en	in capite
en	parte lingni et
en	ponatur
en	urbs rapitur,
en	et nome~ dm~
en	priuilegio a rege
en	dicitur fumus terrae
en	que liquefacta,
en	et
en	Item
en	facialis
en	talis &
en	nascentur.
en	et
en	in secundo gradu.
en	quousque
la	tere et cum eo
en	cum opus
en	Adiuro
en	in
en	sanus.
en	Ego cognosco
la	mvnius palme & debet
la	abietis et cum
en	qualibet
en	sua
en	Deinde
en	s~ p~miu~ mort~
en	laudis.
en	exibit.
en	incurabilis; set si
en	Puluis sine pari
en	moritur
en	aqua
en	et levestici,
en	de
en	pondere, hec
en	tere
en	illisa extrahunt ex
en	caret
en	deperit omne quod
en	de condicionibus
en	humida.
en	olla ad
en	res illa
en	iii. guttas de
en	oculis
en	vel lardi a
la	oleo coque et cum
en	ossis, ne
en	tenet
en	Angelicæ,
en	creticus vel cretica
en	libenter volo me
en	aceto ad narez pone
en	cum bene
la	noi~e pri~s et filij
en	ix
en	Item
en	incendiu~ sodomoru~,
en	19rb\] fluvium
la	est sicca vel
en	simul in olla ad
en	strinxsisti
en	& sine dubio ardebit
en	Phbigenam stygias
en	vespere.
en	+ agios + agios
en	Anno
en	poni super
en	Item contra omnes
en	inde fac
la	sanguinem collige
en	urbs rapitur, Seuit
en	labile corpus, Sic
en	modo
en	quod
en	etas
la	vivens coque et
en	tunc tolle
en	&
en	Postea ungwentum
la	simul et postea cola
en	De condicionibus
en	igne
en	sic
en	& caliditatis
en	+
en	Pro
en	betam viridem
la	facias per diem vel
en	nonagesimo.
en	urina
en	et
en	et mitte in
en	fiat auditus
en	tere cum
en	capite vel in
la	et succum eius
en	puluis
en	vbi
en	sutus/ fallax/
en	et cum eo
en	et
en	ederam terrestrem
en	non illa grauabunt.
en	perennius)
en	cum oleo coque
en	.i. est
en	et distempera cum
en	et valebit
en	Ad
en	testis,
en	caveat hiis diebus
en	sacre p~ennis instet
en	sit, liberabitur.
en	ab omnibus salcis.
en	colles
en	redemisti nos in
en	cum
en	quantum
en	unum
en	sicut ignis
en	Jordanis
en	plenas
en	mundari, cum aqua
en	dn~e
en	Quod
en	tunde, deinde
en	suas
en	quemq~ voluptas.
en	aquam &
en	illini.
en	aceto
en	Sic tua
en	Postea
en	a rege indulto.
en	postea cola
en	poterit)
en	tere
en	secundus liber
en	priusquam in
en	cum oleo
en	evasicuis ab
la	Aqua vitæ,
en	carnem
en	tunc est
en	consolatio
en	poterit mundari, cum
en	confice
en	despumate mellis,
en	ad mortem.
en	Crocus Metallorum
en	meus,
en	taga sit fracta cum
en	puluis
en	postea
en	Salus populi
en	planetarum
en	pro dolore: Succum
en	visus
en	pro oculis Aqua
la	in aliquo vase
la	vino quiesse
en	quantitatem in
en	et Filium
en	sanctus +
en	contra
la	oui plenam
en	licium
en	propria super capud
en	lintheo capiti
en	cum
en	et sanguinem
en	ouorum
en	que
en	ad
en	liber de Secretis
en	nucibus
en	cere .ii., olei
en	& debet
en	ossibus fractis
en	ob
en	Parentes,
en	baptizatus fuit, sic
en	cum jejunare
en	super ignem in
en	sanat.
en	in
en	Tertia frigida
en	Vt
en	vulneris
la	feniculi tere et cum
en	barba vel
en	poterit mundari,
en	'Deridens alios
en	et caveat
en	libri
en	illisa extrahunt
en	evulsi.
en	ad terciam
en	Domine, maculam
en	&
en	& mundus sit
en	Et menta &
en	cum eo capud
en	Unaquaque die
en	requie
en	cum
en	circum
en	quando
en	sit fracta cum nuce:
en	sindi
en	famuli tui
en	lava capud tuum.
en	mutatur, plebs peste
en	nome~
en	strinxsisti [\f.
en	.vi., de
en	ad vertiginem:
en	eiusmodi
la	inponatur et
en	et humida.
en	lyngnum abietis
en	quando
en	dubio ardebit super
en	furno,
en	ossibus inpressis in
en	forti aceto
en	Miserere mei p~pt~
en	ihu~ redemisti
en	Deinde
en	ederam
en	Quartus gradus
en	abibit'
en	lacrimam edere i.
en	mensura deperit
en	piperis,
en	inuocabo.
en	levestici,
la	lingni et admisse
en	sicca.
en	nichil bibat
en	et albumine ovi
en	mentes suas
en	sume recentem
en	dissolvatur
en	Item rutam
en	id est fluxus
la	tantum quantum de
en	herba pulmonis
en	capud purgandum
en	rite habitabilis
en	preciosa
en	Johannis
en	taga sit fracta
en	oleo
en	dolorem aurium.
en	sapiencia
en	in capite vel
en	partem
la	tere et salem et
en	famuli tui +
en	+ sanctus
la	vel duos et item
en	rutam,
en	capud tuum.
en	capite vel in alio
en	lyngnum
en	mundatum confice
en	mortis
en	est
en	regnat,
en	locato
la	et aliquantulum
en	medicamine, vel
en	gradus
en	Ego cognosco me
la	dicto et si absens
en	de comune
en	grana
en	sit tibi p~
en	'vincat
en	agios
en	infunde mane cum sit
en	quo vita
en	duas
en	mastic
la	oleo et ab
en	in ollam,
en	per
la	et oleum et vinum
en	ad
en	fuit, sic
en	tune dicitur
en	ea lava
en	Largire
en	cum
en	Spiritum Sanctum
la	et iterum pone
en	Aloes Rosata, Pilulæ
en	super aquam
en	agios + sanctus
en	Hic
en	in stomaco vel
la	fermentatum et acrem
en	die apponatur.
en	deinde ponatur in
en	et ita ter coque in
en	sit
en	ovi et
en	et
en	ranam
en	bene tritam et
en	crescit in
la	salem et oleum
en	le scaldynge virge
en	subliss.
en	in olla ad
en	vel
en	in
en	cum
en	esse
en	spu~s
en	capite vel
en	coronam
en	et cum
en	cutem desiccat
en	De humana natura.
en	superflues
en	ollam, oleum
en	Item centauriam
en	in vase mundo.
en	sic mundatum confice
en	et si
en	dum salgia
en	'Sicut
en	in
en	Liber Cerebri
en	exeat a
la	Filium et
en	primis:
en	de mastic .ii., de
en	Nati,
la	predictis et mitte
en	sed
en	&
en	kaluris sub fumigan
la	est homo sanus.
en	gradus siccitatis
en	opus fuerit,
en	est sicca
en	odor intret de ipso
en	calida
la	in capite et fracta
en	et expelle
en	Et tunc
en	in forti aceto et
en	in
en	capite
en	ignis
en	et cum auxungia
en	firment me_ra,
en	folia
en	in aquam
en	bene tritam
en	et
en	vel
en	Et cum opus fuerit,
en	cum nuce:
en	fluit in posteriori
en	vnam partem
la	Secunda calida
en	anelitus
en	vel ix confortant
en	Pro ossibus fractis
en	modo fit
en	Herba cruriatica
en	inunge.
en	ad capud
en	cæcum
en	coniunctione
en	ad
en	in embryo
en	super aquam
en	mitte sub
en	morbum
en	prognatus codem,
en	deinde
en	inposita optime
en	vase locato prout
en	et item acerimo
la	testam oui plenam
en	sic
en	carentibus
en	aquam
la	aqua et bibe.
en	poterit frangere vel
en	mitte ea que
la	lardo et butiro et
en	& debes non
en	infirmus per
en	primo
en	&
la	betoniam et expelle
en	Regnum, Benefactaq;
en	mundant.
en	sale trita ossa
en	qualibet die
en	cognosco me
la	Hæc reuocat vires,
la	vulneris tange et
en	aceto
la	illo pane et nichil
en	et Spiritum Sanctum
en	desiccat vel
la	'Deridens alios non
en	nobis
en	frigiditatis
en	Item sume recentem
en	lune quando
en	cretica
en	Item folia vervene
en	et curabitur
en	salgia crescit
la	frigida et
en	cum melle trita
en	et
en	salcis.
en	mundificant, vocem
en	iterum pone in
en	sacre
en	dicitur
en	capiant vitium
la	canis inunge et
en	corporis:
en	Cu~
en	Ad
en	angwillam et
en	aquam testam
en	octo caliditatis/
en	hora mortis
en	Ad plagam
en	ame~.
la	acerimo aceto
en	timpora line.
en	Pro
en	esse ad longitudine
la	rutam et ederam
en	aceto et
en	cum opus fuerit, da
en	id est sanguis
en	Diues inaccessos
en	non cressent pili
en	ardens
en	membra leuat.
en	Item ad vertiginem:
en	et
en	capitis
en	loco.
en	intret de ipso et
la	iii. guttas de urina
en	datus scabiem
la	tu nos ab hoste
en	est.
en	Pone in
en	de
en	Dragancia femina
en	omnia in vino
en	cauda
en	& granum
en	odor intret de
en	ad omne
en	jejunare
en	sicca vel calida.
en	Ille sanguis
en	disstringe venas
en	ex
en	ferat.
en	et vinum
en	Accipe rutam, erbam
en	etas lune
en	pannum et
en	super capud pone.
en	in secundo
en	faciunt,
la	forti aceto et cum
en	corpori
en	translacionem
en	Benefactaq; Carcer.
en	illud quod
en	cum jejunare facias
en	inter carnem &
en	in aere sed cauda
en	et oleo et
en	canis inunge
en	inunge
en	pro
en	Item abrotanum
en	capitis
en	stygias detrusit ad
en	Tartareæ,
en	Astutus/ gracilis/
en	organorum
en	p~pici~ esto
en	Pone in aquam
en	equis,
en	edere
en	et sic adjungatur
en	Parentes, Nati,
en	kaluris
en	Omnia.
en	in capite:
en	circa
la	tuo .N.
en	domini Millesimo
en	Pater nr~
en	et
en	Tertia
en	est
en	Christus regnat,
en	ossa illisa
en	frangunt, colorem
en	occulo
en	calidum, ut odor
en	Deinde commedat
en	mater sanitatis.
en	angwillam
en	calidam
en	co~mendo spiritu~
en	.N. sicud
en	Grana Angelica, &c.
en	'Pede
en	coque
la	cum melle et
en	nos in sanguine
en	Item
en	aetate planetarum
en	caliditatis/
en	aqua frigida
la	ossa petrosa
en	et ederam
en	super anteriorem
en	natans hoc modo fit
en	mundus sit rite
en	d~ne co~mendo
en	mixta sanat.
la	hora mortis suscipe.
la	quiesse et locum
en	vndas,
en	nucem
la	furno et
en	et infirmus
en	valent,
en	Pro le
en	Cerebri
en	clarificandam
en	circum appone.
en	si
en	gradibus siccitatis
la	in vino quiesse et
en	.i. est absque ullo
en	cum opus fuerit,
en	quo
en	nervi gustabiles
en	lactea porta
en	et priuilegio a rege
en	sine
en	Hoc facto
en	mellis,
en	et Spiritum
en	de
en	De~ p~pici~ esto
en	feniculum
en	aer, Infectus neque
en	mitte
en	et excoriatam,
la	multa sciunt, sed
en	illud quod fluit in
en	habeat vna~
en	debita
en	lune
la	qui pre nimio dolore
en	qualitas cordis
en	priusquam
en	Selidonia
en	non
en	in posteriori parte
en	ignis exeat
en	Hinc
en	habitabilis aer,
en	frigiditatis
en	admisse
en	jejuno
en	minuit
la	sicut ignis volans
la	de eodem et capiti
en	mellis, tantum
en	vivi
en	exposites
en	rapitur, Seuit mare,
en	infirmitate fine
en	+ agios
la	coccliar unum et
en	pili nuncquam
en	fame
en	et
en	aporimatibus;
en	Item
en	fac unum plaistrum
en	super aquam &
en	potus enim
en	Ad
en	D~ne
en	fluvium Jordanis
en	tantum
en	primus liber
en	et coque simul in
en	sub
en	mellis.
en	Mors
en	paciendi
en	ipso hiatu ossis,
la	qui bene
en	D~ne ihu~ redemisti
en	claru~
en	set
en	frigida
en	lino et
en	sicud strinxsisti
en	Quo dicto
en	ungwentum
la	.vi., quod priusquam
en	fractis in
en	timpora
la	ovi et indutum
en	gra~q~ tua~
en	sit in capite et
en	tune dimitte
en	recuperant,
la	panem siliginis bene
en	capud infirmi
en	inde
en	acrem
en	set
en	nisi
en	codem, Pugnis, quot
en	spermatis
en	ad
la	visum donant, pectus
en	vinum
en	superflues inter
en	fiat
en	vincit, Christus
en	sancti
en	fine ad
la	Quarta frigida et
en	terrae in kaluris
en	pedes vbi
en	ederam in
la	In primis pro oculis
la	ossa et
en	et calidam
en	uricrisiarum, primum
la	dicitur esse calida
en	biberit de
en	Sic tua qu
en	syropis potus
en	vivens coque
en	Patrem et
en	ceram mitte ea que
en	sanguine tuo.
en	mundatum
en	at capitis dolores:
en	pili
en	calidam
en	fumigan communibus
en	quod fluit
en	mensura
en	cum sit
en	est mensuram
en	trifolium
en	puluis subliss.
en	gradu.
en	sine
la	unum et caveat hiis
en	juxta plage
en	in
en	de
en	Johannes de barba
en	erbam jovis, que
en	in aqua coque
en	ne hic remaneas
en	Cernis vt ignauum
la	debet esse
en	et ab
en	cilijs oculorum.
en	juniperii simul
en	odoratibus
en	& syropis potus enim
en	qua~do
la	Diues inaccessos vbi
en	dolore in dorso vel
en	corpus, Sic
en	de eodem
en	alios
en	calida
en	juncturas suas
en	+
en	& anfert fetorem
en	esse calida in
en	requie durabile
en	sensus
en	Corporis
en	per Patrem
en	Humores superflues
en	ardebit super aquam
en	scaldynge virge quod
en	confortant cerebrum,
en	in
la	est quando
en	in
en	ardet tolle illud
en	et
en	et sic mundatum
en	Johannes
la	sanctus est
en	p~
en	aquam & sine dubio
en	'Sicut ad
en	viridem bene tritam
en	Sequitur de
en	deponendum
en	faciendum bonum
la	erbarum et coque
en	'flour-ben',
en	tunc res
en	De~ p~pici~ esto m~
en	volo me emendare
en	corpus, Sic tua qu
en	fermentatum et
en	Item ne pili
en	fine ad vitam,
en	unge.
la	Ebrius hausit aquas:
en	Item pulegium
la	dicitur esse calida
en	cum
en	in aceto ad narez
en	& nos dimittim~
en	sanitatis.
en	terrestrem tere
en	DE COMMVNI VINCVLO,
en	clarifecant,
en	labile
en	moueantur
en	Vt
en	coctum in
en	trita
en	in ipso
en	valebit
en	pcco~ri D~ne ihu~
en	Hoc
en	habeat vnam
en	et cum ea lava capud
en	'Quominus
en	Item
en	et valebit ut
la	famuli tui + agios
en	sol
en	portionem
en	Vt ignis exeat de
en	capiti appone.
en	melle trita
en	fessaque membra
en	reprimendas
en	et cum eo capud
en	fit sicut ignis
en	De gradibus
en	in vase
la	circa collum ligatam
en	Item ad
en	poterit
en	ossibus
en	super
en	et
en	et salem
en	&
en	exeat a furno,
en	est homo
en	Folia edere trita
en	degestionem
en	ut odor
en	vel
en	sine mensura
en	mea.
en	detrusit ad vndas,
en	taga
la	sanguinem collige in
en	de
la	primis pro oculis
en	vnam
la	fætore
en	pone in aceto et ita
la	asspergatur, et sic
en	ab occulo famuli tui
en	est dies
la	lune calida est et
la	capite et
en	comune
en	lassum, si te
en	cumque liquefactum
en	egerit,
en	vocem clarifecant,
en	Secretis secretorum,
en	sicca vel
en	nucibus maioribus
la	vt vita est,
la	aqua et cum ea lava
en	collo
en	De
en	mea. tibi
en	cum sale
la	De etate lune
en	in
en	bene
en	disstringe
en	animalibus
en	ita ter
la	aliquantulum super
la	pilis, et nascentur.
en	crescit
en	Valere dicitur fumus
la	a lardo et
en	est
la	in mortario tere et
en	edere trita
en	p~pt~
en	aceto et oleo
en	homo dum salgia
en	et admisse favum
en	sit tibi
en	coque simul
en	non intermittere
en	veteri inposita
en	neque sit, nec olens
en	terrestrem
en	ex ouorum
la	adde predictis et
en	laus sit tibi p~
en	acerimo
en	Pro
en	inpressis
la	jure erbarum et
en	.ii.,
en	sic in ollam,
en	eo
en	desiccat
en	vel calida.
en	quod vocatur
en	nimio dolore
en	in pixide pone.
en	me
en	vnam portionem
en	ad fluxum
la	coque et cum eo
en	Ad deponendum
en	dies
en	reuocat vires,
en	et oleo roseo mixta
la	tere et salem
la	oleo coque et cum eo
en	aquam testam oui
en	cum exeat a furno,
en	liber uricrisiarum,
en	indutum lintheo
en	'vincat opus
en	Ego
en	pacientis.
la	'Quominus nil pacior
en	Christus vincit,
en	tui + agios
la	Filium et Spiritum
en	et succum eius adde
en	in dorso vel
en	est cum
en	et cum eo capud
en	ignis exibit.
en	aporimatibus; &
en	indulto.
en	Item
en	jovis,
en	+ sanctus + Christus
en	et
la	subfumigetur et
en	aere
en	Item
en	+ Christus
en	venas famuli tui
en	tu nos
en	vervene cum sale
en	dolore:
en	Uxor, Mors,
en	p.
Prediction array: [1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0]